
This is another public service announcement
Brought to you, in part, by Slim Shady
Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think
If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock
Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass
Slim Shady is fed up with your shit, and he's going to kill you
A-anything else? 
Yeah
Sue me
When I was just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
‘Cause that's just the way she was
They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? 
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit ‘cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it
Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you
Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut — okay, Ma? 
Oh, now he's raping his own mother
Abusing a whore, snorting coke
And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover? 
You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, vrin vrin vrin! 
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts — bitch, I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell'em
I ain't acid rap,  but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? 
No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth
Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal — ain't it, Norman? 
Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in, or I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Know why I say these things? 
‘Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem
I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
These 80 G's a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with'em ‘cause their ratings stink
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to outta school
I don't even believe in breathin'
I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me, or I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter? 
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
You didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver? 
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put'em on
‘Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
I's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together too
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
I's been six months, and still no word — I don't deserve it? 
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
You know the song by Phil Collins, 
In the Air of the Night
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together — think about it! 
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep
And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See, Slim— shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see, I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out? ! 
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph
For your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
I say that shit just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you? 
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin'
Off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand
That I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news
A couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damn
Em, what’s going on? 
It’s Paul. Uh…
Dre gave me a copy of the new album
And I just…*sigh*…Fuck it!
 Mic check, one-two
 Who would've knew? 
 Who would've known? 
 Fuck would've thought? 
 Motherfucker comes out
 And sells a couple of million records
 And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling
 I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I make fight music, for high school kids
I put lives at risk when I drive like this
I put wives at risk with a knife like this
Shit, you probably think I'm in your tape deck now
I'm in the back seat of your truck with duct tape stretched out
Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out
Put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face — what now? 
Oh, you want me to watch my mouth
How? Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn them around? 
Look, I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around
And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out
I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up
You want me to fix up lyrics
While the President gets his dick sucked? 
Fuck that! Take drugs, rape sluts
Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up
Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor
Quit tryin' to censor music: this is for your kid's amusement
But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace
You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
So who's bringin' the guns in this country? 
I couldn't sneak a plastic pellet gun
Through customs over in London
And last week I seen this Schwarzenegger movie
Where he's shootin' all sorts of these motherfuckers with an Uzi
I sees three little kids up in the front row
Screaming 
Go! , with their 17-year-old uncle
I'm like, guidance? ! 
Ain't they got the same moms and dads
Who got mad when I asked if they liked violence? 
And told me that my tape taught'em to swear? 
What about the make-up
You allow your 12-year-old daughter to wear? 
So tell me that your son doesn't know any cuss words
When his bus driver's screamin' at him, fuckin' him up worse
And fuck was the first word I ever learned
Up in the third grade, flippin' the gym teacher the bird
So read up'bout how I used to get beat up
Peed on, be on free lunch
And changed school every three months
My life's like kind of what my wife's like
Fucked up after I beat her fuckin' ass every night: Ike
So how much easier would life be
If nineteen million motherfuckers grew to be just like me? 
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
I never knew I, knew I'd have a new house or a new car
A couple years ago I was more poorer than you are
I don't got that bad of a mouth, do I? 
Fuck! Shit! Ass! Bitch! Cunt! Shooby-de-doo-wop! 
Skibbedy-be-bop, a Christopher Reeve
Sonny Bono, skis, horses and hittin' some trees
How many retards'll listen to me
And run up in the school shootin' when they're pissed at a tea
-cher? Her? Him? Is it you? Is it them? 
Wasn't me, Slim Shady said to do it again! 
Damn, how much damage can you do with a pen? 
Man, I'm just as fucked up as you woulda been
If you woulda been in my shoes, who woulda thought
Slim Shady would be somethin' that you woulda bought? 
That woulda made you get a gun and shoot at a cop
I just said it, I ain't know if you'd do it or not
‘Cause I never knew I, knew I would get this big
I never knew I, knew I'd affect this kid
I never knew I'd get him to slit his wrist
I never knew I'd get him to hit this bitch
How the fuck was I supposed to know?*Music playing in the background*
Eminem: Heyyy
Steve Berman: Hey, Em, what's up
Eminem: Steve Berman, what's going on man, how you doin'. Good to see you again. What's up
Steve Berman: Em, could you come here and have a seat, please? 
Eminem: Umm, yeah, what's u...
Steve Berman: Vanessa, shut the door
Secretary: Okay
Eminem: So what's up, how's orders lookin' for the first week
Steve Berman: It would be better if you gave me nothing at all
Eminem: Wh-
Steve Berman: This album is less than nothing
I can't sell this fucking record
Eminem: Wha...
Steve Berman: Do you know what's happening to me out there? 
Eminem: Wh-wha-what's the problem? 
Steve Berman: Violet Brown told me to go fuck myself! 
Eminem: Who's Violet...
Steve Berman: Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass
Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record shoved up your ass? 
Eminem: But I...
Steve Berman: I'm gonna lose my fucking job over this
Do you know why Dre's record was so successful
He's rapping about big-screen TV's, blunts, 40's and bitches
You're rapping about homosexuals and Vicodin
Eminem: I mean...
Steve Berman: I can't sell this shit! 
Eminem: What...
Steve Berman: Either change the record or it's not coming out! 
Eminem: What I-
Steve Berman: Now get the fuck out of my office! 
Eminem: What am I supposed...
Steve Berman: NOW! 
Eminem: Alright man, 
…Man, whatever
Dre, just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo, this song is for anyone
Fuck it, just shut up and listen, ayo
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension
Dispensing these sentences, getting this stress
That's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
To not come and speak to me, I don't know you
And no, I don't owe you a mothafuckin' thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me
My tank is on empty, no patience is in me
And if you offend me, I'm lifting you ten feet in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean
But that's all I can be, it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense
I's constant, and, 
Oh, it's his lyrical content
The song'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses.
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me
So I point one back at'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, ‘cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at! 
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city havin' this happening
Then attack Eminem ‘cause I rap this way
But I'm glad, ‘cause they feed me the fuel that I need
For the fire to burn, and it's burning, and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on 
My Name Is
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock-n-roll stations
And I just do not got the patience
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
‘Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep asking the same fucking questions
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearin' it out
‘Cause they driving me crazy, I can't take it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit
In the bathroom without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign you an autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
May I have your attention, please? 
May I have your attention, please? 
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
We're gonna have a problem here
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture {Aww! }
I's the return of the 
Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? 
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots! 
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement 
Feminist women love Eminem
Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who,  
Yeah, but he's so cute though.
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they? 
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! 
You think I give a damn about a Grammy? 
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird? 
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here? 
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears? 
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee.
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: 
How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums? 
I's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, 
I don't give a fuck! 
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up? 
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up! 
Remember me? Seven executions
Remember me? I have no remorse
Remember me? I'm high-powered
Remember me? I drop bombs, like Hiroshima
For this one, it's the X—you retarded? ! 
‘Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome
Hide and roam into the masses
Without boundaries, which qualifies me
For the term universal,  without no rehearsal
I leak words that's controversial
Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see
‘Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch
That got banned from TV, heavyweight hitter
Hit you, watch your whole head split up
Loco is the motion, we comin' through
Hollow-tips is the lead the.45 threw
Remember me? Throw ya gunz in the air! 
Remember me? Slam! Slam! 
Remember me? Nigga, bacdafucup! 
Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx! 
Niggas that take no for an answer get told no
Yeah, I been told no, but it was more like 
No! No! No! ! ! 
Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her
Better come better than better to be a competitor
This vet is ahead of the shit, it's all redder
You deader and deader
A medic instead of the cheddars and credda
Settle vendetta with metal Beretta from ghetto to ghetto
Evidence, nope, never leave a shred of
I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me
My moms got raped by the industry and made me
I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you
I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total
Want beef, nigga? Pbbt, you better dead that shit
My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit
Probably sayin' he ain't a killer, but I'm killin' myself
Smoke death, fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor
So think what I'ma do to you, have done to you
Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two
What you wanna do? Cocksuckers, we Glock busters
'Til the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters
Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us
I'm gettin' wires, niggas wantin' me dead
Wantin' my head, you think it could be somethin' I said? 
Remember me? I just don't give a fuck! 
Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too! 
Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty! 
Remember me? I'm Shady! 
When I go out, I'ma go out shootin'
I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid! 
I'm tryin' to clean up my fuckin' image
So I promised the fuckin' critics
I wouldn't say fuckin' for six minutes
My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde
So I made me a song, killed her and put Hailie on
I may be wrong, I keep thinkin' these crazy thoughts
In my cranium, but I'm stuck with a crazy mom
Came home and somebody musta broke in the back window
And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats
Sick, sick dreams of picnic scenes
Two kids, sixteen, with M-16's and ten clips each
And them shits reach through six kids each
And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets? ! 
Fuck that! Pbbt, you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash
And reappear in hell with a can of gas and a match! 
Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat! Show'em where it's at! 
Don't you remember me? 
Remember me? Remember me? 
Remember me? 
That's why they call me Slim Shady
I'm back 
I'm back 
I murder a rhyme, one word at a time
You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine
You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help
What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? 
I'm waitin' for Hell, like hell, shit, I'm anxious as hell
Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail
I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve
Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf
I used to get punked and bullied on my block
'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox
I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press
I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed
Too upset, it's just too much mess
I guess I must just blew up quick 
Grew up quick  was raised right
Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right
You think of my name now whenever you say hi
Became a commodity because I'm W-H-I-
-T-E, ‘cause MTV was so friendly to me
Can't wait'til Kim sees me! 
Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? 
Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'? 
You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down
Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now
That's why they call me Slim Shady
 I'm back
 I'm back
 I take each individual degenerate's head and reach into it
Just to see if he's influenced by me, if he listens to music
And if he feeds into this shit, he's an innocent victim
And becomes a puppet on the string of my tennis shoe
{​​*vocal scratches*}​​ My name is Slim Shady
I been crazy way before radio didn't play me
The sensational {​​*vocal scratch 
Back is the incredible! *}​​
With Ken Kaniff, who just finds the men edible
I's Ken Kaniff on the Internet
Tryin' to lure your kids with him into bed
I's a sick world we live in these days
Slim, for pete's sakes, put down Christopher Reeve's legs! 
Geez, you guys are so sensitive
Slim, it's a touchy subject, try and just don't mention it.
Mind with no sense in it, fried schizophrenic
Whose eyes get so squinted
I'm blind from smoke in'em, with my windows tinted
With nine limos rented, doin' lines of coke in'em
With a bunch of guys hoppin' out, all high and indo scented
And that's where I get my name from, that's why they call me—
That's why they call me Slim Shady
 I'm back
 I'm back
 I take seven {kids} from {Columbine}
Stand'em all in line, add an AK-47, a revolver, a 9
A MAC-11 and it oughta solve the problem of mine
And that's a whole school of bullies shot up all at one time
‘Cause  Shady, they call me as crazy
As the world was over this whole Y2K thing
And by the way, N'Sync, why do they sing? 
Am I the only one who realizes they stink? 
Should I dye my hair pink and care what y'all think
Lip sync and buy a bigger size of earrings? 
I's why I tend to block out when I hear things
‘Cause all these fans screamin' is makin' my ears ring 
So I just throw up a middle finger and let it linger
Longer than the rumor that I was stickin' it to Christina
‘Cause if I ever stuck it to any singer in showbiz
I'd be Jennifer Lopez — and Puffy, you know this
I'm sorry Puff, but I don't give a fuck
If this chick was my own mother
I'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her
And have a son and a new brother at the same time
And just say that it ain't mine — what's my name? 
That's why they call me Slim Shady
 I'm back
 I'm back
 Guess who's b-back, back
Gue-gue-guess who's back 
{​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
{​​*scratch*}​​ Gue {​​*scratch*}​​ guess who's back
D-12 {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
Gue, gue-gue-gue, guess who's back
Dr. Dre {​​*scratch*}​​ Guess who's back
Back back {​​*scratch*}​​ back {​​*scratch*}​​
Slim Shady, 2001
I'm blew out from this blunt  fuck
You know, I just don't get it
Last year I was nobody, this year I'm selling records
Now everybody wants to come around
Like I owe'em something
The fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? 
Get the fuck outta here! 
You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me 
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me 
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me 
Yo, you might see me joggin', you might see me walkin'
You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog
With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar
Hollerin' at him ‘cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin'
Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun
Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in
Looking for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous
Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is
Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace
Pissed off ‘cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this
Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off'em
And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets
And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wrist watches
I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous
And walk around with an empty bottle of Remy Martin
Startin' shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman 
An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin
Whose instinct's to kill N'Sync, don't get me started
These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage
What's this bitch, retarded? 
Give me back my sixteen dollars! 
All I see is sissies in magazines smilin'
Whatever happened to wilin' out and being violent? 
Whatever happened to catchin'
A good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin'
And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken
New Kids on the Block sucked a lot of dick
Boy/girl groups make me sick
And I can't wait'til I catch all you faggots in public
I'ma love it
Vanilla Ice don't like me 
Said some shit in Vibe to spite me 
Then went and dyed his hair just like me 
A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me
And run around screamin': 
I don't care, just bite me!  
I think I was put here to annoy the world
And destroy your little four-year-old boy or girl
Plus I was put here to put fear
In faggots who spray Faygo Root Beer
And call themselves clowns ‘cause they look queer
Faggy 2 Dope and Silent Gay
Claimin' Detroit, when y'all live 20 miles away 
And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fuckin' faggots the fuck out
Ask'em about the club they was at when they snuck out
After they ducked out the back
When they saw us and bugged out
Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck — blaow! 
Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again
When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10
And I don't need help from D12 to beat up two females
In make-up who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails
Slim Anus? You damn right, slim anus
I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm not a wrestler guy
I'll knock you out if you talk about me 
Come and see me on the streets alone
If you assholes doubt me 
And if you wanna run your mouth
Then come take your best shot at me 
Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? 
You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy! 
Now because of this blonde mop that's on top
Of this fucked up head that I've got I've gone pop
The underground just spunned around and did a 360
Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies
Oh, he just did some shit with Missy
So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get-Bizzy.
My fuckin' bitch mom's suin' for 10 million
She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealin'
Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? 
All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress
Which is it, bitch: Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? 
It doesn't matter, {your attorney Fred Gibson's a} faggot
Talkin' about I fabricated my past
He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass
So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? 
For every million I make, another relative sues
Family fightin' and fussin' over who wants to invite me to supper
All of a sudden I got ninety-some cousins 
A half-brother and sister who never seen me
Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV
Now everybody's so happy and proud
I'm finally allowed to step foot in my girlfriend's house 
And then to top it off I walked to the news stand
To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp
Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast
And what do I see? A picture of my big white ass
Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help
Um, here, 
XXL! XXL! 
Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell
Ahh, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me 
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me 
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me 
‘Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
I'm just a regular guy
I don't know why all the fuss about me 
Nobody ever gave a fuck before
All they did was doubt me 
Now everybody wanna run their mouth
And try to take shots at me Ken Kaniff: Uhh yeah, uhh suck it
Oh fuck yeah, oh Shaggy
Uhh, this is why they call you'2 Dope', ain't it? 
Uhh, fuck yeah
Uhh, take it out, take it out
Uhh, now give something to Jay
Uhh, Violent Jay
Don't bite it, don't be violent with it
Ow, just suck it, nice and slow, yeah
Uhh, uhh, fuck yeah
You got.. uhh, now give it back to Shaggy
He was sucking it better
Uhh, now say my name
Shaggy 2 Dope: Eminem! 
Ken Kaniff: Say my name
Shaggy 2 Dope: Eminem! 
Ken Kaniff: What? Oh, fuck you guys! 
Give me my dick back! 
Fuck you guys! 
Shaggy 2 Dope: Ken! 
Ken Kaniff: If you want Eminem, you can have Eminem! 
Fuck you guys, Imma leaving! 
Shaggy 2 Dope: No! Ken wait!  Oh, damn! 
Violent J: Nice going, Shaggy!
Yeah, haha, whoo, shit
Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark 
This is how we used to make the party start
We used to mix Hen with Bacardi Dark
And when it kicks in you can hardly talk
And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl
And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf
And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall
Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall
And everything's spinnin', you're beginnin' to think women
Are swimmin' in pink linen again in the sink
Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished
You are now allowed to officially slap bitches
You have the right to remain violent and start wilin'
Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyein' you
Get in your car, start it, and start drivin'
Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me
‘Cause every time I try to tell'em no
They won't let me ever let'em go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me
In third grade, all I used to do
Was sniff glue through a tube and play Rubik's Cube
Seventeen years later, I'm as rude as Jude
Schemin' on the first chick with the hugest boobs
I've got no game, and every face looks the same
They've got no name, so I don't need game to play
I just say whatever I want to whoever I want
Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want
However, I do show some respect to few
This ecstasy's got me standin' next to you
Getting sentimental as fuck, spillin' guts to you
We just met, but I think I'm in love with you
But you're on it too, so you tell me you love me too
Wake up in the morning like, 
Yo, what the fuck we do? 
I gotta go, bitch, you know I got stuff to do
‘Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you
But in the long run, these drugs are probably going
To catch up sooner or later, but fuck it, I'm on one
So let's enjoy, let the X destroy your spinal cord
So it's not a straight line no more
'Til we walk around looking like some wind-up dolls
Shit's stickin' out of our backs like a dinosaur
Shit, six hits won't even get me high no more
So bye for now, I'm going to try to find some more
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me
‘Cause every time I try to tell'em no
They won't let me ever let'em go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me
That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow
When you swallow it all wallow and drown in your sorrow
And tomorrow you're probably gonna wanna do it again
What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend? 
Screw it! And what's a little bit of alcohol poisonin'? 
And what's a little fight? Tomorrow, you'll be boys again
I's your life, live it however you wanna
Mar-a-ju-on-na is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin'
‘Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin'
They tell you to stop, but you just sit there ignorin'
Even though you wake up feeling like shit every mornin'
But you're young, you've got a lot of drugs to do
Girls to screw, parties to crash, sucks to be you
If I could take it all back now, I wouldn't
I would have did more shit that people said that I shouldn't
But I'm all grown up now and upgraded
And graduated to better drugs and updated
But I still got a lotta growing up to do
I still got a whole lotta throwing up to spew
But when it's all said and done, I'll be forty
Before I know it with a 40 on the porch tellin' stories
With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids in my lap
Babysitting for Hailie while Hailie's out getting smashed
‘Cause every time I go to try to leave
Something keeps pullin' on my sleeve
I don't wanna, but I gotta stay
These drugs really got a hold of me
‘Cause every time I try to tell'em no
They won't let me ever let'em go
I'm a sucker all I gotta say
These drugs really got a hold of me
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum... dum
Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm...
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
Mentally ill from Amityville 
I get lifted and spin til I'm half-twisted
Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick 
Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit
Shrink pencil me in for my last visit
Drink gin til my chin's full of splashed whiskers
Hash, whiskey, and ash til I slap bitches
Ask Bizzy he's been here the past six years
Mash with me again and imagine this
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
Mentally ill from Amityville 
I fucked my cousin in his asshole, slit my mother's throat
Guess who Slim Shady just signed to Interscope
My little sister's birthday, she'll remember me
For a gift I had ten of my boys take her virginity
And bitches know me as a horny-ass freak
Their mother wasn't raped, I ate her pussy while she was asleep
Pissy-drunk, throwing up in the urinal 
That's what I said at my dad's funeral
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
Mentally ill from Amityville 
That's why the city is filled with a bunch of fucking idiots still
That's why the first motherfucker popping some shit he gets killed
That's why we don't call it Detroit, we call it Amityville
You can get capped after just having a cavity filled
Ahahahaha, that's why we're crowned the murder capital still
This ain't Detroit, this is motherfucking Hamburger Hill
We don't do drive-bys, we park in front of houses and shoot
And when the police come we fucking shoot it out with them too
That's the mentality here, that's the reality here
Did I just hear somebody say they want to challenge me here
While I'm holding a pistol with this many calibers here
Plus a registration that just made this shit valid this year
Cause once I snap, I can't be held accountable for my actions
And that's when accidents happen
When a thousand bullets come at your house
And collapse the foundation around and they found you
And your family in it
GOD DAMMIT HE MEANT IT WHEN HE TELLS YOU
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Accidentally kill your family still
Thinking he won't, goddammit he will 
Mentally ill from Amityville 
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum, tahh-dum... ta-dah-da
Dum...
Yeah, what up, Detroit? 
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh, no, he didn't
They didn't do it again 
You shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre? 
Oh, fo' sho'
Uh-uh, naw, you smell that? 
This is special right here 
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie, baby
To the boogie-oogie-oogie
Yeah, you know, what's crackin', Dre? 
Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit
On Slim's shit and start riots like Limp Bizkit
Throw on 
Guilty Conscience at concerts
And watch mosh pits'til mothafuckers knock each other unconscious 
Some of these crowds that Slim draws is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard, when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw
Is niggas from Crenshaw, from Long Beach to South Central
Whoa, not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again 
You and what army could harm me? 
D-R-E and Shady, with Doggy from Long Beach
Came a long way, to makin' these songs play
I'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein' Andre, but I…
Somehow, some way
Holla, nigga, you know about Dogg-ay 
Now let me cut these niggas up
And show'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin', son
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run
Got about fifty guns
And I love all of'em the same, bang bang 
Damn, baby girl, what's your name? 
I forgot, what'd you say it was? Damn, a nigga buzzed 
Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem
The Great White American Hope
Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast
Baby
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage
With ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it ‘cause I expose the facade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God's
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a 12 gauge, about to bust
I's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in the bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please! You must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees; come on! 
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
Aww, naww, big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls, dick six inch long
Back up in the heezy, baby
He's Shady 
Give me the mic, let me recite'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal
Makin' a livin' off of the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right to say what I like? 
And walk around flippin' the bird
Livin' the urban life, like a white kid from the burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me and people to see
That somewhere deep down there's a decent human bein' in me
It just can't be found so the reason you've been seein' this me
Is ‘cause this is me now, the recent dude who's bein' this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
I's just me bein' me; here, want me to tone it down? 
Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot! You happy now? 
Look here, I start some trouble everywhere that I go
Ask the bouncers in the club ‘cause they know
I start some shit, they throw me out the back door
Come back and shoot the club up with a.44
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
2001 and forever
Slim Shady
Dr. Dre
Snoop Dogg
X to the Z
Nate Dogg
Come on, yeah!
Aww, look at daddy's baby girl
That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head
Yesterday I changed your diaper
Wiped you and powdered you
How did you get so big? 
Can't believe it, now you're two
Baby, you're so precious
Daddy's so proud of you
Sit down, bitch! You move again
I'll beat the shit out of you! 
Don't make me wake this baby! 
She don't need to see what I'm'bout to do! 
Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you? ! 
How could you just leave me and love him out the blue? ! 
Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you? ! 
Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time! 
At first I'm like, 
Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine! 
But not for him to take my place — are you out your mind? ! 
This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine! 
How could you let him sleep in our bed? ! Look it, Kim! 
Look at your husband now!    I said look at him! 
He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk? ! 
 Shut the fuck up!   You think I give a fuck? ! 
Come on! We're going for a ride, bitch!    Sit up front! 
We'll be right back — well, I will, you'll be in the trunk! 
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
You really fucked me, Kim! You really did a number on me! 
Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me
But we was kids then, Kim, I was only eighteen
That was years ago, I thought we wiped the slate clean
That's fucked up!    Oh God, my brain is racin'
 What are you doing? Change the station! 
I hate this song! Does this look like a big joke? 
There's a {four}-year-old little {boy}
Laying dead with a slit throat in your living room! 
Ha-ha! What, you think I'm kiddin' you? ! 
You loved him, didn't you? 
Bullshit, you bitch! Don't fuckin' lie to me! 
What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? 
Fuck you, asshole! Yeah, bite me! 
Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? 
You think I'm ugly, don't you?    No, you think I'm ugly
  Get the fuck away from me! Don't touch me! 
I hate you! I hate you! I swear to God, I hate you! 
Oh my God, I love you! How the fuck could you do this to me? ! 
 How the fuck could you do this to me? ! 
 So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
Come on, get out! 
I said get out, bitch!    Fuck you! 
You did this to us! You did it! I's your fault! 
Oh my God, I'm crackin' up — get a grip, Marshall! 
Hey, remember the time we went to Brian's party
And you were, like, so drunk that you threw up all over Archie? 
That was funny, wasn't it?  
That was funny, wasn't it? !  
See, it all makes sense, doesn't it? 
You and your husband have a fight
One of you tries to grab a knife, and during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced  
And while this is going on, his son just woke up
And he walks in, she panics, and he gets his throat cut
  So now they both dead
And you slash your own throat
So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note
I shoulda known better when you started to act weird
We coulda— hey, where you going? Get back here! 
You can't run from me, Kim! I's just us, nobody else
You're only makin' this harder on yourself! 
Ha-ha, got ya! Go ahead, yell! 
Here, I'll scream with you, 
Ah, somebody help! 
Don't you get it, bitch? No one can hear you! 
Now shut the fuck up and get what's comin' to you! 
You were supposed to love me! ! ! 
Now bleed, bitch, bleed! ! ! Bleed, bitch, bleed! ! ! Bleed! ! ! 
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
So long, bitch, you did me so wrong
I don't wanna go on
Living in this world without you
Chem-le-le-le-le-le-le-le, le-le, le-le
Chem-ne-le-eh-ne-nuf-nu-nef, ne-nish, le-le
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
Two pills I pop,'til my pupils swell up like two pennies
I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties
A young-ass man with a trash can, strapped to the back
Of his ass so the rats can't chew through his last pants
I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin'
Frightened with five little white Vicodin pills bitin' him
I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital, lost
Stingin' the fuck outta everything I come across in the halls
I light a candle and place it up on the mantel
Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin handle
So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin'
‘Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains
I'm an instigator,.380 slug penetrator
Degradin', creatin' murders to kill haters
Accused for every crime known through the equator
They knew I did it for havin' blood on my'gators
My weed'll hit your chest like a double barrel gauge and
I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face
With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remy I do shit on purpose
You never hear me say forgive me
I'm snatchin' every penny, it gotta be that way, nigga, face it
That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it
You hidin', I make the President get a facelift
Niggas just afraid, handin' me they bracelets
Chillin' in the lab wasted, I'm the type
That'll drink Kahlua and gin, throw up on the mic
Your life is ruined, you get socked right on sight
And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight
So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit
‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
‘Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
‘Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick! 
I'm a compulsive liar, settin' my preacher on fire
Slashin' your tires, flyin' down Fenkell and Meyers
Plates expired, soon as I'm hired I'm fired
Jackin' my dick off in a bed of barbed wire
 Bitch, didn't you read the flyer? 
Special invited guest will be Richard Pryor
 Naw, bitch, I'm retired
Fuckin' your bitch in the ass with a tire iron
I'm ripped, I'm on an acid trip
My DJ's in a coma for lettin' the record skip
Lettin' the record skip—lettin' the record skip 
I'm fuckin' anything when I'm snortin'
I's gonna cost 300 dollars to get my pitbull an abortion
Some bitch asked for my autograph
I called her a whore, spit beer in her face and laughed
I drop bombs like I was in Vietnam
All bitches is hoes, even my stinkin'-ass mom
Ayo, flashback, two feets, two deep up in that ass crack
Weed laced with somethin' – nigga, pass that! 
In Amsterdam we only hang out with hash rats
At a Stop the Violence rally, I blast gats
BMI on publishin'; get yo' ass capped
The Kuniva, divide up yo' cash stack
Run yo' motherfuckin' pockets, ASAP
I don't need a platinum chain, bitch, I snatched Shaq's
Born loser, half thief and half black
Bring your boys and your guns and get laughed at
Bitch smacker, rich rappers get they Jag jacked
And found chopped up in a trash bag
We stranglin' rappers until the point they can't yell
‘Cause they crew is full of fags and sweeter than bake sales
Reckless, come from behind and snatch your necklace
Gruesome, and causin' more violence than nine hoodlums
I grapple your Adam's apple until it crackle
Run right past you, turn around, grab you and stab you
Get executed, ‘cause I'm a Luni, I got a Yukmouth
And it's polluted; I cock it back, then shoot it
I love snatchin' up players, thugs and young ballers
Shoot up the household, even the young toddlers
Brigade barricade to bring the noise
While the bullets break your bones up like Christmas toys
If I go solo, I'm doin' a song with Bolo
A big Chinese nigga screamin', 
Kuniva, yo, yo! 
I leave ya face leakin', run up in church
And smack the preacher while he's preachin'
Take a swing at the deacon
I used to tell cats I sold weed and weight
I was straight'til I got caught sellin' them shake
I'm ignorant, with the intent to snatch your rent
I got kicked out of summer camp for havin' sex in my tent
With the superintendent's daughter, my brain's out of order
I've been a Kon Artis since I was swimmin' in water
In cahoots with this nigga named Carlisle Von
Who got fired from UPS for tryin' to send you a bomb
I sign to a local label for fun
Say I got cancer, get dropped, take the advancement and run
Drive-by you in the rain while you carry your son
Call your house and hang up on you for not givin' me none
Born straight up out a pussy but a son of a gun
Got a reputation for havin' niggas runnin' they funds
Used to be the type of nigga that was foldin' some ones
'Til I met your fat mama, now I'm rollin' in dough
So you can suck my dick if you don't like, my shit
‘Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck, my dick
Cause I don't give a fuck if you don't like my shit
Cause I was high when I wrote this so suck my dick
Ha ha! Suck my mothafuckin' dick! 
D-12… Dirty-mothafuckin'-Dozen
Nasty like a stank slut bitch with thirty fuckin' husbands
Bizarre Kid, Swifty Mc
Vay, the Kon Artis
The Kuniva, Dirty Harry and Slim Shady
A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record
Or what I talk about on a record
That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody
That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you
You know why? ‘Cause I'm a criminal! 
Criminal! You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal! 
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulgin'
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of'em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of'em! 
Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me! 
And I was just checkin' the mail
Get it? Checkin' the male? 
How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! 
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher! 
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing ‘cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards
And to think, it's just lil old me
Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave
I'm a criminal! 
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! 
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one
The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby, ‘cause that baby was me
I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised? 
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word ______
My morals went *pffft* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
The Maniac's in in place of the Doctor
‘Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place
Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
Guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? 
I'm a criminal! 
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask
I'm a criminal! 
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! 
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one
 A criminal!
And everyone should get along
Okay, children, quiet down, quiet down! 
Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day: his name is Mr. Shady
Children, quiet down please! 
Brian, don't throw that! 
Mr. Shady will be your new substitute
While Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia 
Good luck, Mr. Shady! 
Hi there, little boys and girls! 
Today we're gonna to learn how to poison squirrels
But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob
 Say hi Bob! 
Bob's 30 and still lives with his mom
And he don't got a job'cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot
But his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot
And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot
And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock
When it's late and the lot gets dark
And fake like he walks his dog
Drag'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping blocks
 And even if they escaped and they got the cops
The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge
'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job
When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk
But Stacey knew it was Bob and said: 
Knock it off! 
But Bob wouldn't knock it off,'cause he's crazy and off his rocker
Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka
You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a doctor
He grabbed Stace' by the legs as he chopped it off her
And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her
But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander
They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner
And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana
And what it might do to you
So see if the squirrels want any—it's bad for you
See, children, drugs are bad 
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad 
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom 
She'll tell you how she does'em all the time 
So kids, say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
Then there's really nothin' else to say 
Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
My penis is the size of a peanut, have you seen it? 
Fuck no, you ain't seen it, it's the size of a peanut 
Speakin' of peanuts, you know what else is bad for squirrels? 
Ecstasy, it's the worst drug in the world
If someone ever offers it to you, don't do it
Kids, two hits'll probably drain all your spinal fluid
And spinal fluid is final, you won't get it back
So don't get attached, it'll attack every bone in your back
Meet Zach, twenty-one years old
After hangin' out with some friends at a frat party, he gets bold
And decides to try five, when he's bribed by five guys
And the peer pressure will win every time you try to fight it
Suddenly, he starts to convulse
And his pulse goes into hyperdrive
And his eyes roll back in his skull {​​​*blblblblblb*}​​​
His back starts to look like the Mc
Donald's Arches
He's on Donald's carpet, layin' horizontal barfin' {​​​*BLEH*}​​​
And everyone in the apartment starts laughin' at him
Hey Adam, Zach is a jackass, look at him! 
'Cause they took it too, so they think it's funny
So they're laughing at basically nothing
Except maybe wasting the money
Meanwhile, Zach's in a coma, the action is over
And his back and his shoulders
Hunched up like he's practicin' yoga
And that's the story of Zach, the ecstasy maniac
So don't even feed that to squirrels, class,'cause it's bad for you
See, children, drugs are bad 
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad 
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom 
She'll tell you how she does'em all the time 
So kids say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
And there's really nothin' else to say 
Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
And last but not least, one of the most humungous
Problems among young people today is fungus
It grows from cow manure
They pick it out, wipe it off, bag it up
And you put it right in your mouth and chew it
Yum yum! Then you start to see some dumb stuff
And everything slows down when you eat some of'em
And sometimes you see things that aren't there 
Like fat women in G-strings with orange hair
 I's yarn, Claire
Women stick'em up their behinds, go out and wear'em 
And if you swallow too much of the magic mushrooms
Whoops, did I say magic mushrooms? I meant fungus
Your tongue gets all swoll up like a cow's tongue
'Cause it comes from a cow's dump 
See, drugs are bad, it's a common fact
But your mom and dad know that's all that I'm good at 
But don't be me,'cause if you grow up and you go and OD
They're gonna come for me and I'ma have to grow a goatee
And get a disguise and hide,'cause it'll be my fault
So don't do drugs, and do exactly as I don't,'cause I'm bad for you
See, children, drugs are bad 
And if you don't believe me, ask your dad 
And if you don't believe him, ask your mom 
She'll tell you how she does'em all the time 
So kids, say no to drugs 
So you don't act like everyone else does 
And there's really nothin' else to say 
Drugs are just bad, mmkay? 
Come on, children, clap along! 
Sing along, children! 
Drugs are just bad, drugs are just bad
So don't do drugs! 
So there'll be more for me 
America! Ha ha ha! We love you
How many people are proud to be citizens
Of this beautiful country of ours, the stripes and the stars
For the rights that men have died for to protect? 
The women and men who have broke their necks
For the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold… or so we're told
I never woulda dreamed in a million years I'd see
So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me
Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs
I's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me
So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed
In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays
And straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays
'Til it stays stuck in your head, for days and days
Who woulda thought, standin' in this mirror, bleachin' my hair
With some peroxide, reachin' for a t-shirt to wear
That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? 
How could I predict my words would have an impact like this? 
I musta struck a chord with somebody up in the office
'Cause Congress keep tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems
And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government
I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, and now I'm dumpin' it on—
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
Look at these eyes, baby blue, baby just like yourself
If they were brown, Shady'd lose, Shady sits on the shelf
But Shady's cute, Shady knew Shady's dimples would help
Make ladies swoon, baby  — look at my sales! 
Let's do the math: if I was black, I woulda sold half
I ain't have to graduate from Lincoln High School to know that
But I could rap, so fuck school, I'm too cool to go back
Give me the mic! Show me where the fuckin' studio's at! 
When I was underground no one gave a fuck I was white
No labels wanted to sign me, almost gave up, I was like
Fuck it,  until I met Dre, the only one to look past
Gave me a chance and I lit a fire up under his ass
Helped him get back to the top, every fan black that I got
Was probably his in exchange for every white fan that he's got
Like damn, we just swapped: sittin' back lookin' at shit, wow
I'm like my skin is just startin' to work to my benefit now? 
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
See, the problem is, I speak to suburban kids
Who otherwise woulda never knew these words exist
Whose moms probly woulda never gave two squirts of piss
'Til I created so much motherfuckin' turbulence
Straight out the tube, right into your livin' rooms I came
And kids flipped when they knew I was produced by Dre
That's all it took, and they were instantly hooked right in
And they connected with me too, because I looked like them
That's why they put my lyrics up under this microscope
Searchin' with a fine tooth comb, it's like this rope
Waitin' to choke, tightenin' around my throat
Watchin' me while I write this, like, 
I don't like this note! 
All I hear is: lyrics, lyrics, constant controversy
Sponsors working round the clock to try to stop my concerts early
Surely hip-hop was never a problem in Harlem, only in Boston
After it bothered the fathers of daughters startin' to blossom
So now I'm catchin' the flak from these activists when they raggin'
Actin' like I'm the first rapper to smack a bitch or say faggot,  shit
Just look at me like I'm your closest pal
The posterchild, the motherfuckin' spokesman now, for—
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
White America, I could be one of your kids
White America, little Eric looks just like this
White America, Erica loves my shit
I go to TRL, look how many hugs I get! 
So to the parents of America, I am the Deringer
Aimed at little Erica to attack her character
The ringleader of this circus of worthless pawns
Sent to lead the march right up to the steps of Congress
And piss on the lawns of the White House
To burn the ​​flag​​ and replace it with a Parental Advisory sticker
To spit liquor in the faces of this democracy of hypocrisy
Fuck you, Ms. Cheney! Fuck you, Tipper Gore! 
Fuck you with the freest of speech this Divided States of Embarrassment will allow me to have! Fuck you! 
Ha ha ha, I'm just playin', America
You know I love you
Marshall! Sounds like an SOS
Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right! 
To the Rapmobile – let's go! 
Bitches and gentlemen! I's showtime! 
Hurry hurry, step right up! 
Introducing the star of our show
His name is 
You wouldn't want to be
Anywhere else in the world right now
So without further ado, I bring to you 
You'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest
Most rawest form, flow almost flawless
Most hardest, most honest known artist
Chip off the old block, but old Doc is 
Looks like Batman brought his own Robin
Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden
With his own private plane, his own pilot
Set to blow college dorm rooms doors off the hinges
Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes
Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches
Away from you, dear, fear none
Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
Quick, gotta move fast, gotta perform miracles
Gee willikers Dre, 
Holy bat syllables! 
Look at all the bullshit that goes on
In Gotham when I'm gone
Time to get rid of these rap criminals
So skip to your lou while I do what I do best
You ain't even impressed no more, you're used to it
Flows too wet, nobody close to it
Nobody says it but still everybody knows the shit
The most hated on out of all those who say they get hated on in eighty songs and exaggerate it all so much
They make it all up, there's no such thing
Like a female with good looks who cooks and cleans
It just means so much more to so much more
People when you're rappin' and you know what for
The show must go on; so I'd like to welcome y'all
To Marshall and Andre's carnival, c'mon! 
Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
I's just like old times, the Dynamic Duo
Two old friends, why panic? You already know
Who's fully capable, the two caped heroes
Dial straight down the center, eight-zero-zero
You can even call collect, the most feared duet
Since me and Elton played career Russian Roulette
And never even see me blink or get to bustin' a sweat
People steppin' over people just to rush to the set
Just to get to see an MC who breathes so freely
Ease over these beats and be so breezy
Jesus, how can shit be so easy? 
How can one Chandra be so Levy? 
Turn on these beats, MC's don't see me
Believe me, BET and MTV
Are gonna grieve when we leave, dog, fo' sheezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
'Til we grow beards, get weird and disappear
Into the mountains, nothin' but clowns down here
But we ain't fuckin' around round here
Yo, Dre  Can I get a hell yeah? 
Now let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
Let's get down to business
I don't got no time to play around, what is this? 
Must be a circus in town, let's shut the shit down
On these clowns; can I get a witness? 
So there you have it, folks
 has come to save the day
Back with his friend Andre
Here to remind you that bullshit does not pay
Because  and Andre are here to stay
And never go away, until our dying day
Until we're old and grey 
So until next time, friends
Same blonde hair, same rap channel
Good night, everyone! Thank you for coming! 
Your host for the evening 
Oh! Heh
Where's my snare? 
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go, yeah, yo, yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
I have: I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans
Explodin', tempers flarin' from parents
Just blow'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now
Ain't you, Momma? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now! 
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to'73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause I'da killed him, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
I's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Now, I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition
Take a second to listen'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your momma poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin', goin' through public housing systems
Victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up
It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it? 
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma? 
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma? 
But guess what, you're gettin' older now
And it's cold when you're lonely, and Nathan's growin' up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her — she won't even be at your funeral! 
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom! 
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get? 
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit! 
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
Well, guess what, I am dead — dead to you as can be! 
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
People, it feels so good to be back! 
Ladies and gentleman
Introducing the new and improved you-know-who
Never been the type to bend or budge
The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush
I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese
I'm a pitbull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease
All these people I had to leave in limbo
I'm back now, I've come to release this info
I'll be brief, and let me just keep shit simple
Can-I-Bitch don't want no beef with Slim, nooo! 
Not even on my radar
So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off? 
And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos
From seance to seance, aw-a-aw-ch-a-aw
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
Yeah, let your hair down to the track, yeah, kick on back
Boo! The boogie monster of Rap, yeah, the man's back
With a plan to ambush this Bush administration
Mush the Senate's face and push this generation
Of kids to stand and fight for the right
To say somethin' you might not like
This white hot light that I'm under
No wonder I look so sunburnt
Oh no, I won't leave no stone unturned
Oh no, I won't leave, won't go nowhere
Do-si-do, oh, yo, ho, hello there! 
Oh yeah, don't think I won't go there
Go to Beirut and do a show there
Yeah, you laugh'til your mothafuckin' ass gets drafted
While you're at band camp thinking that crap can't happen
'Til you fuck around, get an Anthrax napkin
Inside a package wrapped in Saran Wrap wrappin'
Open the plastic and then you stand back gaspin'
Fuckin' assassins hi-jackin' Amtraks, crashin'
All this terror, America demands action
Next thing you know you've got Uncle Sam's ass askin'
To join the army or what you'll do for their Navy
You just a baby gettin' recruited at 18
You're on a plane now, eatin' their food and their baked beans
I'm 28, they gonna take you'fore they take me
Crazy insane or insane crazy? 
When I say Hussein, you say Shady
My views ain't changed, still inhumane, wait
Arraigned two days late, the date's today, hang me! 
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
Nothin' moves me more than a groove that soothes me
Nothin' soothes me more than a groove that boosts me
Nothin' boosts me more or suits me beautifully
There's nothin' you can do to me—stab me, shoot at me! 
Psychotic, hypnotic product, I got the antibiotic
Ain't nobody hotter and so on and yada yada
God, I talk a lot of hem-de-lay-la-la-la
Oochie walla walla um da dah da dah da, but you gotta gotta
Keep movin', there's more music to make
Keep makin' new shit, produce hits to break
The monotony, what's gotten into me? 
Drugs, rock and Hennessy, thug like I'm'Pac on my enemies
On your knees, got you under siege
Somebody you would give a lung to be
Hungry like a fuckin' younger me
Fuck the fee, I can get you jumped for free
Yeah, buddy, laugh! I's funny: I have the money
To have you killed by somebody who has nothin'
I'm past bluffin', pass the K-Y
Let's get ready for some intense serious ass-fuckin'! 
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
C'mon now! Let's all get on down! 
Let's do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time
Don't be scared, ‘cause there ain't nothin' to worry about
Let your hair down, and square dance with me! 
Dr. Dre wants to square dance with me
Nasty Nas wants to square dance with me
X to the Z wants to square dance with me
Busta Rhymes wants to square dance with me
Cani-bitch won't square dance with me
Fan-a-bitch won't square dance with me
Canada-bis don't want no parts of me
Dirty Dozen wants to square dance with you
Yeeehawww!
I'm gonna kill this bitch, I'm gonna kill her. I'm going to fucking jail'cause I'm gonna kill this bitch! 
Yo, man...
What? 
I don't know, I got a really, really bad feeling about this...
Man, would you shut the fuck up, Gary! ? You always got a bad feeling, man..! That's her car right there, just park.
Alright, just let me park... I'm parking! 
Fucking turn the car off, dawg.
Alright.
Alright, we wait.
We wait for what? 
We wait until she comes out and then I'm gonna fucking kill her.
Man... you ain't gonna kill no one—what the fuck did you bring that for! ? 
Man, shut the fuck up, dawg, just shut up. Fucking clip is empty, it's not— 
Man, don't point that shit at me! 
I's not even loaded bitch, look. 
Dude! God, I fucking hate it when you do that shit! 
Yeah, but it's funny as fuck! 
Fuck around and kill me one of these days, I swear...
Gets you every time.
Is that her? 
Where? 
Right there, motherfucker.
Oh, yeah...
Alright, get down, get down.
Fuck, here we go again...
Get down! 
The fuck? You want me to get under the car? 
Yo, who's she walking with..? 
The fuck am I supposed to know? You told me to duck down! 
I's the fucking bouncer—did she just kiss him? 
I don't think so.
Dawg, sh... She just fucking kissed him! 
No, she didn't.
She's kissing him, dawg. Fuck is this... 
No, she's not—Aw, shit...
Come on. 
Marsh! "
I'm a soldier
I'm a soldier 
I'm a soldier
I'm a soldier
Yo...
Never was a thug, just infatuated with guns
Never was a gangsta'til I graduated to one
And got the rep of a villain for weapon concealin'
Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin'
Willin' to stick out my neck for respect
If it meant life or death, never live to regret what I said
When you're me, people just want to see if it's true
If it's you—what you say in your rap's what you do
So they feel it's part of your obligation to fulfill
When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real? 
In confrontation, ain't no conversation, if you feel
You're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed
If you feel it, kill it; if you conceal it, reveal it
Bein' reasonable will leave you full of bullets
Pull it, squeeze it'til it's empty
Tempt me, push me, pussies
I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
I love pissin' you off, it gets me off
Like my lawyers when the fuckin' judge lets me off
All you motherfuckers gotta do is set me off
I'll violate and all the motherfuckin' bets be off
I'm a lit fuse, anything I do, bitch, it's news
Pistol whippin' motherfuckin' bouncer 6'2
Who needs bullets? As soon as I pull it, you sweat bullets
An excellent method to get rid of the next bully
I's actually better'cause instead of you murderin'
You can hurt'em and come back again and kick dirt at'em
I's like pourin' salt in the wounds, assault and get sued
You can smell the lawsuits soon as I waltz in the room
Everybody halts and stops, calls the cops
All you see is bitches comin' out their halter tops
Runnin' and duckin' out the Hot Rocks parking lot
You'll all get shot, whether its your fault or not,'cause I'm a
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
I spit it slow so these kids know that I'm talkin' to'em
Give it back to these damn critics and sock it to'em
I'm like a thug with a little bit of Pac influence
I spew it, and look how I got you bitches rockin' to it
You motherfuckers could never do it like I could do it
Don't even try it, you'll look stupid, do not pursue it
Don't ever in your life try to knock the truest
I spit the illest shit ever been dropped in two-inch
So ticky-tock, listen as the sound ticks on the clock
Listen to the sound of Kim as she licks on the cock
Listen to the sound of me spillin' my heart through this pen
Motherfuckers know that I'll never be Marshall again
Full of controversy until I retire my jersey
'Til the fire inside dies and expires at thirty
And Lord, have mercy on any more of these rappers that verse me
And put a curse on authorities, in the face of adversity, I'm a
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never slip or stumble
 These shoulders hold up so much
They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up
 Even if my collar bones crush or crumble
I will never stumble
Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left
Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left
Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left
Yo left, yo left, yo left, right, left
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
I thought I had it all figured out, I didn't
I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim
But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once
I found myself laying on my knees in cuffs
Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff
And just leave, how come I couldn't see this shit myself? 
I's just me, nobody couldn't see the shit I felt
Knowing damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell
To catch me; the minute shit was heated she just bailed
I'm standing here swinging on like thirty people by myself
I couldn't even see the millimeter when it fell
Turned around, saw Gary stashing the heater in his belt
Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground
I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail
I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female
I need to slow down
Try to get my feet on solid ground, so for now
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Bury my face in comic books, ‘cause I don't wanna look
At nothing, this world's too much, I've swallowed all I could
If I could swallow a bottle of Tylenol I would
And end it for good, just say goodbye to Hollywood
I probably should, these problems are pilin' all at once
‘Cause everything that bothers me, I got it bottled up
I think I'm bottomin' out, but I'm not about to give up
I gotta get up, thank God I got a little girl
And I'm a responsible father, so not a lot of good
I'd be to my daughter, laying in the bottom of the mud
Must be in my blood ‘cause I don't know how I do it
All I know is I don't want to follow in the footsteps
Of my dad, ‘cause I hate him so bad
The worst fear that I had
Was growing up to be like his fucking ass
Man, if you could understand why I am the way that I am
What do I say to my fans when I tell'em I'm
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
I don't wanna quit, but shit, I feel like this is it
For me to have this much appeal like this is sick
This is not a game, this fame, in real life, this is sick
Publicity stunt my ass, conceal my fuckin' dick
Fuck the guns, I'm done, I'll never look at gats
If I scrap, I'll scrap like I ain't never whipped some ass
I love my fans, but no one ever puts a grasp
On the fact I've sacrificed everything I have
I never dreamt I'd get to the level that I'm at
This is wack, this is more than I ever coulda asked
Everywhere I go, a hat, a sweater hood or mask
What about math, how come I wasn't ever good at that? 
I's like the boy in the bubble, who never could adapt
I'm trapped, if I could go back, I never woulda rapped
I sold my soul to the devil, I'll never get it back
I just wanna leave this game with level head intact
Imagine goin' from bein' a no one to seein' everything blow up, and all you did was just grow up emceein'
I's fucking crazy, ‘cause all I wanted was to give Hailie
The life I never had
Instead I forced us to live alienated, so I'm saying
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Saying goodbye, say goodbye to Hollywood
Goodbye, goodbye Hollywood 
Please don't cry for me 
When I'm gone for good 
So goodbye, goodbye Hollywood 
Please don't cry for me 
When I'm gone for good 
Obie, yo
I'm sick
Damn, you straight, dog? 
That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be gettin' sick
That's how dicks be gettin' drips
Fallin' victims to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fuckin' chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time
Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk
I had a bag of the skunk, one and last night's tunk
Pussy residue was on my penis
Denise from the cleaners fucked me good, you shoulda seen us
Big booty bitch, switch unbearable
French role stylin', body like a stallion
Sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigger
Debatin' on to fuck her, do I wanna be her nigga? 
Caressin' this bitch, plus I'm checkin' out them tits
Sippin' on that fine shit I ain't used to buyin'
I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory
Like takin' hoes' money, but that's another story
For surely your pussy on toast, after we toast
Her clothes fell like Bishop in Juice
The womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock
In that spot hotter than the hottest block
Don't stop!  – response I got when I was knockin' it
Clocks steady tickin', kinky finger lickin'
And carryin' on, semen at my tip when she moans
I gotta slow down before I cum soon
And work that nigga like a slave owner
When I dropped off my outfit she knew I wanted to bone her
She foamin' at the lips, the ones between the hips
Pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip
Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though
Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks
We in the final stretch, the last part of sex
I bust a fat-ass nut, then I woke up next
Like, what the fuck is goin' on here? This bitch evaporated
Pussy and all just picked up and vacated
And now I'm frustrated, ‘cause my dick was unprotected
And doctor Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit – fuck! 
That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be gettin' sick
That's how dicks be gettin' drips
Fallin' victims to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fuckin' chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time
Now I don't wanna hit no woman, but this chick's got it comin'
Someone better get this bitch'fore she gets kicked in the stomach
And she's pregnant, but she's eggin' me on
Beggin' me to throw her off the steps on this porch
My only weapon is force
And I don't wanna resort to violence of any sort
But what's she shovin' me for? Doesn't she love me no more? 
Wasn't she huggin' me four minutes ago at the door? 
Man, I'm this close to goin' toe-to-toe with this whore
What would you do if she was tellin' you she wants a divorce
She's havin' another baby in a month and it's yours
And you found it isn't, ‘cause this bitch has been visitin'
Someone else and suckin' his dick and
Kissin' you on the lips when you get back to Michigan
Now the plot is thickenin' worse
‘Cause you feel like you've been stickin' your fuckin' dick in a hearse
So you're paranoid at every little cold that you get
Ever since they told you this shit, you've been holdin' your dick
So you go to the clinic, sweatin' every minute you're in it
Then the doctor comes out, lookin' like Dennis the Menace
And it's obvious to everyone in the lobby it's AIDS
He ain't even gotta to call in you the office to say it
So you jet back home, ‘cause you gon' get that ho
When you see her, you gonna bend her fuckin' neck back, yo
‘Cause you love her, you never woulda expect that blow
Obie told you the scoop, how could she stoop that low? 
Jesus, I don't believe this bitch works at the cleaner's
Bringin' me home diseases, swingin' from Obie's penis
She's so deceivin', shit, this ho's a genius, she geed us
That's why I ain't got no time
For these games and stupid tricks
All these bitches on my dick
That's how dudes be gettin' sick
That's how dicks be gettin' drips
Fallin' victims to this shit
From these bitches on our dicks
Fuckin' chickens with no ribs
That's why I ain't got no time
I'm busy
Yeah, fuck these bitches! 
Fuck'em all! 
Get money, Shady Records
Ha, whoa! 
Obie Trice! Eminem, motherfucker! 
New millennium shit, yeah
Turn this shit off, turn this shit the fuck off!
Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks – 
Two trailer park girls go'round the outside
'Round the outside,'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go'round the outside
'Round the outside,'round the outside
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not co-operating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating 
You waited this long, now stop debating
‘Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, ‘cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits—fuck you, Debbie! 
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, 
Bitch! ! ! 
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass {​​smack}​​
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me? 
Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing, attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me? 
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with
Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me! 
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
I's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me, I'm just obscene
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy
 There's a concept that works
Twenty million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
I'll be so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la la la la
Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la la la la
Kids!Em, it's Paul
Listen, Joel just called me and
He said you're in the fucking back behind his studio
Shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range
I told you not to fucking bring your gun around
Like an idiot, outside of your home
You're gonna get yourself in trouble
Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you
Leave your fuckin' gun at home
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
I's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin' around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out
‘Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, doo-rags and a stockin' cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely ‘cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
I's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? 
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all their kids been listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CD's while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace this shit doesn't make sense, B
I's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl? 
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! 
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? 
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
I's fucked up, ain't it? 
How we can come from practically nothin'
To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
So they sit and they cry, at night, wishin' they'd die
'Til they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment
Try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
‘Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can…
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
 *inhales*
You high, baby? 
Yeah? 
You want me to tell you something? 
I know what you wanna hear
I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
 I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
 Bitch, you make me hurl
 They call me Superman
Leap tall hoes in a single bound
I'm single now: got no ring on this finger now
I'd never let another chick bring me down
In a relationship; save it, bitch! 
Babysit? You make me sick
Superman ain't savin' shit
Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick
Straight from the hip, cut to the chase
I tell a motherfuckin' slut to her face
Play no games, say no names
Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face
I'm a different man, kiss my ass
Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask? 
Kiss my dick, get my cash? 
I'd rather have you whip my ass
Don't put out, I'll put you out
Won't get out, I'll push you out
Puss blew out, poppin' shit
Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out
Am I too nice? Buy you ice? 
Bitch, if you died, wouldn't buy you life
What, you tryin' to be my new wife? 
What, you Mariah? Fly through twice
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho
‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
Don't get me wrong, I love these hoes
I's no secret, everybody knows
Yeah, we fucked: bitch, so what? 
That's about as far as your buddy goes
We'll be friends, I'll call you again
I'll chase you around every bar you attend
Never know what kinda car I be in
We'll see how much you be partyin' then
You don't want that, neither do I
I don't wanna flip when I see you with guys
Too much pride, between you and I
Not a jealous man, but females lie
But I guess that's just what sluts do
How could it ever be just us two? 
I'd never love you enough to trust you
We just met and I just fucked you
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho
‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
 I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
 Bitch, you make me hurl
 First thing you say: 
Ooh yeah, girl, run that game
First off, you don't know Marshall
At all, so don't grow partial
That's ammo for my arsenal
I'll slap you off that bar stool
There goes another lawsuit
Leave handprints all across you
Good Lordy, whoadie
You must be gone off that water bottle
You want what you can't have
Ooh girl, that's too damn bad
Don't touch what you can't grab
End up with two backhands
Put anthrax on a Tampax
And slap you'til you can't stand
Girl, you just blew your chance
Don't mean to ruin your plans
But I do know one thing though
Bitches, they come, they go
Saturday through Sunday, Monday
Monday through Sunday, yo
Maybe I'll love you one day
Maybe we'll someday grow
'Til then just sit your drunk ass on that fuckin' runway, ho
‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too
 I think I love you too
I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl
You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too
They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you
I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world
 Bitch, you make me hurl
 ‘Cause I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
I can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Can't be your Superman
Your Superman, your Superman
Yo, I can't sing, but
I feel like singing
I wanna fuckin' sing
‘Cause I'm happy
Yeah, I'm happy
I got my baby back
Yo, check it out
Some days I sit starin' out the window
Watchin' this world pass me by
Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for
I almost break down and cry
Sometimes I think I'm crazy
I'm crazy? Oh, so crazy
Why am I here? Am I just wastin' my time? 
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh no
‘Cause sometimes it feels
Like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause sometimes it feels
Like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me
My baby girl keeps gettin' older
I watch her grow up with pride
People make jokes ‘cause they don't understand me
They just don't see my real side
I act like shit don't faze me
Inside it drives me crazy
My insecurities could eat me alive
But then I see my baby
Suddenly I'm not crazy
It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh no
‘Cause sometimes it feels
Like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause sometimes it feels
Like the world's almost over
But then she comes back to me
Man, if I could sing, I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter
If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father
To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her
God, I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't *want her*
Now, you probably get this picture from my public persona
That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his mama
But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest
‘Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled
That hurts deep inside of my soul
And just know that I grow colder the older I grow
This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold
And this load is like the weight of the world
And I think my neck is breakin'
Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? 
Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself
But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell
But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt
So many chances, man, it's too bad, coulda had someone else
But the years that I've wasted
Is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted
So here's what I'm facin': three felonies, six years of probation
I've went to jail for this woman
I've been to bat for this woman
I've taken bats to people's backs
Bent over backwards for this woman
Man, I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? 
Wouldn't have ripped the prenup up
If I'd have seen what she was fuckin', but fuck it
I's over, there's no more reason to cry no more
I got my baby, baby, the only lady that I adore, Hailie
So sayonara, try tomorrow, nice to know ya
Our baby's traveled back to the arms of her rightful owner
And suddenly it seems like my shoulder blades have just shifted
I's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted
And now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders
Everyone's leanin' on me
‘Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier
Nothin' can take her from me
Wooo! Told you I can't sing
Oh well, I tried
Hailie, remember when I said
If you ever need anything, Daddy would be right there? 
Guess what, Daddy's here
And I ain't goin' nowhere, baby
I love you ​​*Door knocks*
Steve Berman: I's ridiculous, I can't believe it, what? 
Hold on a minute Em..
Eminem: Whuddup? 
Steve Berman: Dre I'll call you back
Eminem: What now? 
Steve Berman: I don't even know where to start
Eminem: Okay
Steve Berman: I got the album from upstairs..
Eminem: And? 
Steve Berman: And this is by far the most..
*Gun shoots*
Steve Berman:...incredible thing I've ever heard
Music, reality
Sometimes it's hard to tell the difference
But we as entertainers
Have a responsibility to these kids... Psych! 
If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow
Would you feel sorrow, or show love? Or would it matter? 
Could never be the lead-off batter
If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin'
But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake
There's too much on my plate
I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away
And not say what I got to say
What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smoking crack? 
'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back
I'll get up'fore I get down
Run myself in the ground,'fore I put some wack shit out
I'm tryna smack this one out the park: five-thousand mark
Y'all steady tryna drown a shark
Ain't gon' do nothing but piss me off
Lid to the can of whip-ass, just twist me off
See me leap out, pull a piece out
Fuck shooting, I'm just tryna knock his teeth out
Fuck with me now, bitch; let's see you freestyle! 
Talk is cheap, motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap
Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? 
He tried to play you, you can't let him skate with that
Man, I hate this crap, this ain't rap
This is crazy, the way we act when we confuse hip-hop
With real life when the music stops
Ain't no getting rid of Mc
Vay, if so, you would've tried
The only way I'm leaving this bitch is suicide
I have died clinically
Arrived back at my enemies' crib with Hennessy
Got drunk then I finished him
I'm every nigga's favorite archenemy
Physically fitted to be the most dangerous nigga with beef
I spark willingly, with a Dillinger in the dark, diligently
I'm not what you think, I appear to be fucked up
Mentally endangered; I can't stay away from a razor
I just want my face in a paper
I wish a nigga had a grenade to squeeze tight
To awake neighbours for acres
I'll murder you; I gauge and have me turn into a mad man
Son of Sam; bitch, I'm surgical
I'm allergic to dying – you think not? 
You got balls? We can see how large, when the music stops
I was happy having a deal at first
Thought money would make me happy
But it only made my pain worse
It hurts when you see your friends
Turn their back on you, dawg
And you ain't got nothing left but your word and your balls
And you're stressed from the calls of your new friends
Begging with their hands out
Checking for your record when it's selling
When it ain't, that's the end: no laughs, no friends
No girls, just the gin you drink till your car spin
You think 
Damn!  when you slam into the wall
And you fall out the car and try to crawl with one arm
I'm'bout to lose it all in a pool of alcohol
If my funeral's tomorrow
Wonder would they even call? When the music stops
Let's see how many of your men loyal
When I pull up looking for you with a pistol
Sipping a can of penzoil
I'm revved up; who said what? When lead bust
Your head just explode with red stuff, I'm handcuffed
Tossed in the paddy-wagon
Bragging about how you shouted like a coward
Bullets devoured you, showered you niggas
If I was you niggas, I'd run while given the chance
Understand, I can enhance the spirit of man
Death itself, it can't hurt me
Just the thought of dying alone that really irks me
You ain't worthy to speak thoughts of cheap talk
Be smart and stop tryna walk how Gs walk before we spark
Hug the floor while we playing tug-of-war with your life
Fuck a tour and a mic, I'd rather fuck a whore with a knife
Deliver that shit that coroners like
You hype, popping shit in broad daylight
Nigga, you're a goner at night; when the music stops
Instigators turn pits in cages
Let loose and bit the neighbors; wrist to razors
Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk
In the dark, my dogs all bark, like, 
Woof! 
Proof, nigga, I'm a wolf
Get your whole roof caved in, like reindeer hoofs
Stomp the booth, shake the floor tiles loose
The more y'all breathe, shit, the more I moves
I's Hill Street: this is hardcore Blues
Put a gun to rap, check in all our dues
Or make the news, bet you all y'all move
When the Uzi pop, you better drop, when the music stop
Music has changed my life in so many ways
Brain's confused, been fucked since the 5th grade
LL told me to 
Rock the Bells
NWA said 
Fuck the Police,  now I'm in jail
Ninety-three was strictly R&B
Fucked up haircut, listened to Jodeci
Michael Jackson – who gon' tell me I ain't Mike? 
Ass cheeks painted white, fuckin' Priscilla tonight
Flying down Sunset, smoking crack
Transvestite in the front, Eddie Murphy in the back
M.O.P. had me grimey and gritty
Marilyn Manson: I dyed my hair blue, and grew some titties
Ludacris told me to throw them bows
Now I'm in the hospital with a broken nose
And a fractured elbow
Voices in my head, I'm going in shock
I'm reaching for the Glock, but the music stops {*blam*}
So I'm out the game, huh? 
Yo, Dre, we ridin'? 
Whatever
Haha, well, I'm with you, homie
Okay, let's handle the small shit
I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit
Kick up dust, cuss'til I slur up spit
Grew up too quick, went through too much
Knew too much shit, corrupt
And I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch
Thick and rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth
Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth
'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to Earth
And if I fumble a verse, keep going
First take I make, mistakes, just keep it
No punches pulled, no punches, that's weak shit
Fake shit, if I ever take shit I'll eat shit
Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit
Creep with me as we take a little trip down memory lane
Been here longer than anyone in the game
And I ain't got to lie about my age
 Fuck Jermaine! 
He don't belong speaking mine or Timbaland's name
And don't think I don't read your little interviews
And see what you're sayin'
I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move'til I'm provoked
When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it
You midget, mini-me with a bunch of little mini-yous
Running around your backyard swimming pools
Over 80 million records sold
And I ain't have to do it with ten- or eleven-year-olds
‘Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh? 
Second verse, it gets worse, it gets no better than this
Amateurs drink veteran piss from a Dixie cup
If you ever mix me up
Or confuse me with a Canibus, or Dre with a Dupri
We'll rub it in, every club you're in
We'll have you blackballed
And make sure you never rap a-fucking-gain
Dre ain't having it, long as I'm here to play devil's advocate
If there was some magic shit I could wave over the industry
That could save it when I'm gone and buried
To make sure the tradition carries on, I would
If I could only use this power for good
I wouldn't, not even if I could
From the hood, and I'm a hornet
And I'ma only sting when I'm cornered
And I'ma only sucker punch and swing without warning
And swing to knock somebody's fucking head off
‘Cause I know if they get up
I won't get a chance to let off another punch
I'm punk rock, no one's punk
Don't give a fuck: white-Pac, so much spunk
When I was little I knew I would blow up and sell a mil'
Or grow up to be Atilla, go nuts and be a killer
And I'm something of a phenom, one puff of the chron'
I'm unstoppable, I'm alive and on top again
There's no obstacle that I can't conquer
So come along with us, c'mon! 
‘Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh? 
Now anybody who knows Dre
Knows I'm about fast cars and Alizé, partying all day
But I handled my business, ‘cause it's work before play
Don't look for trouble, but I'll serve you gourmet
However you want it, you can have it your way
You fuck my night up, I'ma fuck up your day
Bullet with your name, sending it your way
That goes for anyone who walks through that doorway
‘Cause this is my space, you invade it
Live to regret it, and you'll die trying to violate it
Fuck around, get annihilated, eyes dilated
…Like my old lady
‘Cause what you say is what you say
Sometimes what you mean is two different things
Depending on your mood if it swings
Think too many things, little hit of Dre's weed
I can do anything, catch a contact and I'm gone
And I'm back, I speed write
And my loose leaf's my launchpad
And I can pull any string; don't have to prove anything
Catch a contract on your head
You headed West, talk shit about Dre
You better get a vest and invest
In something to protect your head and neck
And it's back and forth all day, like Red and Meth
I joke when I say I'm the best in the booth
But a lot of truth is said in jest
And if I ever do live to be a legend I'ma die a sudden death
Five mics in The Source, ain't holding my fucking breath
But I'll suffocate for the respect
'Fore I breathe to collect a fucking check
‘Cause what you say is what you say
Say what you say how you say it whenever you saying it
Just remember how you said it when you was spraying it
So who you playing with, huh? 
Watch your fucking mouth! 
Yo, this Timbaland, tell him I said suck my dick!
‘Cause sometimes you just feel tired, feel weak
And when you feel weak
You feel like you wanna just give up
But you gotta search within you
And gotta find that inner strength
And just pull that shit out of you
And get that motivation to not give up
And not be a quitter, no matter how bad you wanna just fall
Flat on your face and collapse
Till I collapse I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel'em
Till the day that I drop you'll never say that I'm not killin''em
‘Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin''em
And I am not hip hop and I'm just not Eminem
Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin''em? 
Women are caught in webs, spin'em and hock venom
Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop
Amoxicillin's just not real enough
The criminal, cop killin', hip-hop villain
A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners
You're comin' with me, feel it or not
You're gonna fear it like I showed you the spirit of God lives in us
You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock
Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up? 
Fa shizzel, my wizzel, this is the plot, listen up
You bizzels forgot, Slizzel does not give a fuck
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Music is like magic, there's a certain feelin' you get
When you real and you spit, and people are feelin' your shit
This is your moment, and every single minute you spend
Tryna hold on to it because you may never get it again
So while you're in it, try to get as much shit as you can
And when your run is over, just admit when it's at its end
'Cause I'm at the end of my wits with half the shit that gets in
I got a list, here's the order of my list that it's in
It goes Reggie, Jay-Z, 2Pac and Biggie
André from Out
Kast, Jada, Kurupt, Nas, and then me
But in this industry I'm the cause of a lot of envy
So when I'm not put on this list, the shit does not offend me
That's why you see me walk around like nothing's botherin' me
Even though half you people got a fuckin' problem with me
You hate it, but you know respect you got to give me
The press's wet dream, like Bobby and Whitney — Nate, hit me! 
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Soon as a verse starts, I eat at an emcee's heart
What is he thinking? How not to go against me, smart
And it's absurd how people hang on every word
I'll probably never get the props I feel I ever deserve
But I'll never be served, my spot is forever reserved
If I ever leave Earth, that would be the death of me first
‘Cause in my heart of hearts I know nothin' could ever be worse
That's why I'm clever when I put together every verse
My thoughts are sporadic, I act like I'm an addict
I rap like I'm addicted to smack like I'm Kim Mathers
But I don't want to go forth and back in constant battles
The fact is I would rather sit back and bomb some rappers
So this is like a full-blown attack I'm launchin' at'em
The track is on some battlin' raps, who want some static? 
‘Cause I don't really think that the fact that I'm Slim matters
A plaque and platinum status is whack if I'm not the baddest
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Till the roof comes off, till the lights go out
Till my legs give out, can't shut my mouth
Till the smoke clears out, am I high? Perhaps
I'ma rip this shit till my bone collapse
Until the roof 
The roof comes off 
Until my legs 
Give out from 
I will not fall, I will stand tall
Feels like no one can beat me
Hello, boys and girls! Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships. Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do! Who's your daddy? 
Daddy, what are you doing? 
Okay then! Everybody, listen up! 
I'm going to Hell! Who's coming with me? 
Somebody, please help him! 
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you
To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to? 
{Hailie: Rahhnnn! }
Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls
I cut'em off and got'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed sunglasses
With Elton John's name on my drag wall
I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off
All this time, me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
'Fore I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off
And launch one at these Russians, and that's all
Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off
When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off? 
{*knocking*} Hailie, tell'em, baby! 
There's really nothin' else to say
I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
A little help from Hailie Jade
Won't you tell'em, baby? 
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's nothin' you could do or say
That could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's no one on Earth that can save me
Not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
I's like my mother always told me
Rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana rana and codeine
And goddamn it, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say, then don't say nothin'! 
… Uh… Fuck that shit, bitch! 
Eat a motherfuckin' dick, chew on a prick
And lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfuckin' gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch
Eat pussy and have pussy lips glued to my face, with a clit
Ring in my nose than quit bringin' my flows
Quit givin' me my ammo; can't you see why I'm so mean? 
If y'all leave me alone this wouldn't be my M.O.
I wouldn't have to go eenee-meene-minie-moe
Catch a homo by his toe, man, I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more? 
There's really nothin' else to say
I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
A little help from Hailie Jade
Won't you tell'em, baby? 
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's nothin' you could do or say
That could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's no one on Earth that can save me
Not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
At the same time, can make you dry your eyes
With the same rhyme
See, what you're seein' is a genius at work
Which to me isn't work
So it's easy to misinterpret it at first
‘Cause when I speak, it's tongue-in-cheek
I'd yank my fuckin' teeth
Before I'd ever bite my tongue, I'd slice my gums
Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as 
Bump and Grind comes on
More pain inside of my brain
Than the eyes of a little girl inside of a plane
Aimed at the World Trade
Standin' on Ronnie's grave, screamin' at the sky
'Til clouds gather; it's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it
The parents are pissed, but the kids love it
9 millimeter heaters stashed
In two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither
There's really nothin' else to say
I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
A little help from Hailie Jade
Won't you tell'em, baby? 
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's nothin' you could do or say
That could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
There's no one on Earth that can save me
Not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy! 
Crazy! 
Ha ha ha ha! 
You're funny, Daddy!
Is this thing on? 
Where'd everybody go? 
Guess who's back? 
Back again…
Ken is back, tell some…men
Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my back, Rub my back…
Eh….Wait…..Hello? 
Eh…..Goodnight
Curtains Up 
Hey, how you guys doin'? 
You want more? Alright
Then SHUT UP! 
Shooby doo 
Shooby doo 
Shooby doo 
Shooby doo 
Skibbidy bee bop
Girl 
You're my world 
You're my pearl 
You're my world 
Hey yo, here's a song for the ladies...
Owwww, owwww, owwww 
I'm gonna facking come! 
Fack, fack, fack 
I am, I'm going to come 
 I never seen no chick like this
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick? Of course it is
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't come in her
Fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna
Fuck I'm gonna come, I think my rubber's comin' off
But oh, it's so fucking wet and soft
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off
And she's on top, I'm gonna facking oh, god
Oh, don't do that don't, stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop
Ow, wait a minute, ow, ow, fuck
I, I'm gonna fucking come! 
*squirt squirt squirt*
Owwww, owwww, owwww 
I'm gonna fucking come! 
Fack, fack, fack 
I am, I'm going to come 
Ooh, wow, boo that pow
Ooh, ow, I need a cigarette now
Ow, I'm so fucking hot and you're so fucking hot
Oh my god, I wanna facking fack, no not fuck, I said fack
F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K, fack, fack, fack, facking freak me
Oh yeah, girl see, baby, they call me Mr. Freaky
Let's call your sister, three-way
Have some threesome, me so horny
And you're such a fucking babe
I wanna go down on you, fuck, you shaved
Oh, god damn, here I go again
I'm gonna come, I am
Owwww, owwww, owwww 
I'm gonna facking come! 
Fack, fack, fack 
I am, I'm going to come 
*Eminem mumbling*
Okay, I'm done, I already came twice
You ain't gonna make me come
I'm all outta gas, not so fast
Uh, your finger just went in my ass
Ow, that hurts, take it out now
Oh, wait a minute, ow, put it back in, in-in-in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs, boobs, boobs
Now see that gerbil, grab that tube, shove it up my butt
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole
Uhh, yeah, right there, right there
Ahh, I'm coming, oh, yeah
Fack, I just came again, okay, pull it out now
Oh, fuck yeah, wait, he's not out, he's still crawling around up there
Ow, fuck, I think it's stuck
Ow, but it feels so fucking good
Owwww, owwww, owwww 
I'm gonna facking come! 
Fack, fack, fack 
I am, I'm going to come 
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Ew, ew, ew, ew
…Man, whatever
Dre, just let it run
Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit
Ayo, this song is for anyone
Fuck it, just shut up and listen, ayo
I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag
Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be
The most meanest MC on this on this earth
And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse
And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works
And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension
Dispensing these sentences, getting this stress
That's been eating me recently off of this chest
And I rest again peacefully
But at least have the decency in you
To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out
In the streets when I'm eating or feeding my daughter
To not come and speak to me, I don't know you
And no, I don't owe you a mothafuckin' thing
I'm not Mr. N'Sync, I'm not what your friends think
I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick if you tempt me
My tank is on empty, no patience is in me
And if you offend me, I'm lifting you ten feet in the air
I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you
Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit
I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe
I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean
But that's all I can be, it's just me
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Sometimes I just feel like my father
I hate to be bothered with all of this nonsense
I's constant, and, 
Oh, it's his lyrical content
The song'Guilty Conscience' has gotten such rotten responses.
And all of this controversy circles me
And it seems like the media immediately points a finger at me
So I point one back at'em, but not the index or pinkie
Or the ring or the thumb, it's the one you put up
When you don't give a fuck, when you won't just put up
With the bullshit they pull, ‘cause they full of shit too
When a dude's getting bullied and shoots up his school
And they blame it on Marilyn and the heroin
Where were the parents at? And look where it's at! 
Middle America, now it's a tragedy
Now it's so sad to see, an upper-class city havin' this happening
Then attack Eminem ‘cause I rap this way
But I'm glad, ‘cause they feed me the fuel that I need
For the fire to burn, and it's burning, and I have returned
And I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
I'm so sick and tired of being admired
That I wish that I would just die or get fired
And dropped from my label, let's stop with the fables
I'm not gonna be able to top on 
My Name Is
And pigeon-holed into some poppy sensation
To cop me rotation at rock-n-roll stations
And I just do not got the patience
To deal with these cocky Caucasians
Who think I'm some wigger who just tries to be black
‘Cause I talk with an accent and grab on my balls
So they always keep asking the same fucking questions
What school did I go to, what hood I grew up in
The why, the who, what, when, the where and the how
'Til I'm grabbing my hair and I'm tearin' it out
‘Cause they driving me crazy, I can't take it
I'm racin', I'm pacin', I stand and I sit
And I'm thankful for every fan that I get
But I can't take a shit
In the bathroom without someone standing by it
No, I won't sign you an autograph
You can call me an asshole, I'm glad
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
Radio won't even play my jam
‘Cause I am whatever you say I am
If I wasn't, then why would I say I am? 
In the paper, the news, every day I am
I don't know, it's just the way I am
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Excuse me! 
Can I have the attention of the class for one second? 
Hi, kids! Do you like violence? Wanna see me stick nine inch nails through each one of my eyelids? 
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? 
Try'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? 
My brain's dead weight, I'm trying to get my head straight
But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate
And Dr. Dre said 
Slim Shady, you a basehead! 
Uh-uhhh! 
So why's your face red? Man, you wasted! 
Well, since age twelve I felt like I'm someone else
‘Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt
Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off, and smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross
I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass
Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast
Come here, slut! 
Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dog! 
I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
My English teacher wanted to flunk me in junior high
Thanks a lot, next semester I'll be 35
I smacked him in his face with an eraser
Chased him with a stapler, stapled his nuts to a stack of papers
Walked in the strip club, had my jacket zipped up
Flashed the bartender, then stuck my dick in the tip cup
Extraterrestrial, running over pedestrians in a spaceship
While they're screaming at me, 
Let's just be friends! 
99 percent of my life I was lied to
I just found out my mom does more dope than I do
I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about doing drugs and name it after her
You know you blew up when the women rush your stands
And try to touch your hands like some screaming Usher fans
This guy at White Castle asked for my autograph
So I signed it: 
Dear Dave, thanks for the support, asshole! 
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Stop the tape! This kid needs to be locked away! 
Dr. Dre, don't just stand there, operate! 
I'm not ready to leave, it's too scary to die
I'll have to be carried inside the cemetery and buried alive
Am I coming or going? I can barely decide
I just drank a fifth of vodka, dare me to drive? 
All my life I was very deprived
I ain't had a woman in years, my palms too hairy to hide
Clothes ripped like the Incredible Hulk
I spit when I talk, I'll fuck anything that walks
When I was little I used to get so hungry I would throw fits
How you gonna breastfeed me, Mom? You ain't got no tits! 
I lay awake and strap myself in the bed
Put a bulletproof vest on and shoot myself in the head
I'm steaming mad and by the way, when you see my dad
Tell him that I slit his throat in this dream I had
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? 
My name is, chka-chka Slim Shady
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot'em
But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter? 
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote, I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's fucked up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
You didn't have to
But you coulda signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold
For you, for four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty shitty, man, you're like his fuckin' idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver? 
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way: I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a shitty day, I drift away and put'em on
‘Cause I don't really got shit else
So that shit helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
I's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real, and I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together too
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
I's been six months, and still no word — I don't deserve it? 
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
You know the song by Phil Collins, 
In the Air of the Night
About that guy who coulda saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
That's kinda how this is: you coulda rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we coulda been together — think about it! 
You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep
And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See, Slim— shut up, bitch! I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see, I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shit, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this shit out? ! 
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now, how far along is she? 
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph
For your brother; I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I musta missed you
Don't think I did that shit intentionally just to diss you
But what's this shit you said about you like to cut your wrists too? 
I say that shit just clownin', dawg, come on, how fucked up is you? 
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin'
Off the walls when you get down some
And what's this shit about us meant to be together? 
That type of shit'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you, but Stan
Why are you so mad? Try to understand
That I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy shit
I seen this one shit on the news
A couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape, but they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damn
Look, if you had one shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted
In one moment, would you capture it or just let it slip? 
Yo, his palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow! 
Snap back to reality, oh, there goes gravity, oh
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad, but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that, but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo! This whole rhapsody
Better go capture this moment and hope it don't pass him
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
His soul's escaping through this hole that is gaping
This world is mine for the taking, make me king
As we move toward a New World Order
A normal life is boring; but superstardom's
Close to post-mortem, it only grows harder
Homie grows hotter, he blows, it's all over
These hoes is all on him, coast-to-coast shows
He's known as the Globetrotter, lonely roads
God only knows, he's grown farther from home, he's no father
He goes home and barely knows his own daughter
But hold your nose, ‘cause here goes the cold water
These hoes don't want him no mo', he's cold product
They moved on to the next schmoe who flows
He nose-dove and sold nada, and so the soap opera
Is told, it unfolds, I suppose it's old, partner
But the beat goes on: da-da-dom, da-dom, dah-dah, dah-dah
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playing in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's paying the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five, and I can't provide the right type of
Life for my family ‘cause, man, these goddamn
Food stamps don't buy diapers, and there's no movie
There's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's getting even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed; plus, teeter-totter
Caught up between being a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screaming on her
Too much for me to wanna stay in one spot
Another day of monotony's gotten me to the point
I'm like a snail, I've got to formulate a plot
Or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got to go
I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot, feet: fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better lose yourself in the music
The moment, you own it, you better never let it go
You only get one shot, do not miss your chance to blow
This opportunity comes once in a lifetime, yo
You better…
You can do anything you set your mind to, man
Shady, Aftermath
There she go, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control
Get buzzed, get drunk, get crunk, get fucked up
Hit the strip club, don't forget ones, get your dick rubbed
Get fucked, get sucked, get wasted, shit faceted
Pasted, plastered, puke drink, throw up
Get a new drink, hit the bathroom sink, throw up
Wipe your shoe clean, got a routine goin'
Still got a few chunks on them shoestrings showin'
I was dehydrated till the beat vibrated
I was revived as soon as this bitch gyrated
Them hips and licked them lips, and that was it
I had to get Nate Dogg in to sing some shit
Two to the one from the one to the three
I like good pussy and I like good tree
Smoke so much weed you wouldn't believe
And I get more ass than a toilet seat
Three to the one from the one to the three
I met a bad bitch last night in the D
Let me tell you how I made her leave with me
Conversation and Hennessy
I've been to the motherfuckin' mountain top
Heard motherfuckers talk, seen'em drop
If I ain't got a weapon I'ma pick up a rock
And when I bust your ass I'm gon' continue to rock
Get your ass of the wall with your two left feet
I's real easy, just follow the beat
Don't let that fine girl pass you by
Look real close, ‘cause strobe lights lie
We about to have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are'bout it'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Ohh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
I'm a menace, a dentist, an oral hygienist
Open your mouth for about four or five minutes
Take a little bit of this fluoride rin-inse
Swish, but don't spit it; swallow it, now finish
Yeah, me and Nate D-O Double-G
Looking for a couple bitches with some double D's
Pop a little champagne and a couple E's
Slip it in her bubbly, we finna finna have a party
We about have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl I can fuck in my Hummer truck
Apple Bottom jeans and a big ol' butt
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are'bout it'bout it
I want a bitch to sit at the crib with no panties on
Knows that she can, but she won't say no
Now look at this lady all in front of me, sexy as can be
Tonight I want a slut, would you be mine? 
Heard you was freaky from a friend of mine
Now, I hope you don't get mad at me
But I told Nate you was a freak
He said he wants a slut, hope you don't mind
I told him how you like it from behind
Shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Ohh, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
Come on, girl, shake that ass for me, shake that ass for me
We about to have a party 
Let's get it started 
I'm looking for a girl with a body and a sexy strut
Wanna get it poppin', baby? Step right up
Some girls they act retarded
Some girls are'bout it'bout it
I'm looking for a girl that will do whatever the fuck
I say, every day she be givin' it up
There she go, shaking that ass on the floor
Bumping and grinding that pole
The way she's grinding that pole
I think I'm losing control
God! I ain’t leaving without you, bitch
You're coming home with me
And my boy, and his boy - and his boy, and his girl
Haha, Nate Dogg!
These ideas are nightmares to white parents
Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings
Like whatever they say has no bearing
I's so scary in a house that allows no swearing
To see him walkin' around with his headphones blaring
Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's
A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out
When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out
‘Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out
If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out
His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back
Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap
He sags his pants, doo-rags and a stockin' cap
His step-father hit him so he socked him back
And broke his nose, his house is a broken home
There's no control, he just lets his emotions go
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters
In the land of the killers a sinner's mind is a sanctum
Holy or unholy, only have one homie
Only this gun, lonely ‘cause don't anyone know me
Yet everybody just feels like they can relate
I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great
Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate
I's like these kids hang on every single statement we make
Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum
Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? 
From standin' on corners and porches just rappin'
To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass
But then these critics crucify you, journalists try to burn you
Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you
To get they hands on every dime you have
They want you to lose your mind every time you mad
So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon
Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns
That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me
Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly
But all their kids been listenin' to me religiously
So I'm signin' CD's while police fingerprint me
They're for the judge's daughter but his grudge is against me
If I'm such a fuckin' menace this shit doesn't make sense, B
I's all political, if my music is literal
And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl? 
I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to
You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! 
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
They say music can alter moods and talk to you
Well, can it load a gun up for you and cock it too? 
Well, if it can, then the next time you assault a dude
Just tell the judge it was my fault, and I'll get sued
See, what these kids do is hear about us totin' pistols
And they wanna get one ‘cause they think the shit's cool
Not knowin' we really just protectin' ourselves
We entertainers, of course the shit's affectin' our sales
You ignoramus, but music is reflection of self
We just explain it, and then we get our checks in the mail
I's fucked up, ain't it? 
How we can come from practically nothin'
To bein' able to have any fuckin' thing that we wanted
That's why we sing for these kids who don't have a thing
Except for a dream and a fuckin' rap magazine
Who post pin-up pictures on they walls all day long
Idolize they favorite rappers and know all they songs
Or for anyone who's ever been through shit in they lives
So they sit and they cry, at night, wishin' they'd die
'Til they throw on a rap record, and they sit and they vibe
We're nothin' to you, but we're the fuckin' shit in they eyes
That's why we seize the moment
Try to freeze it and own it, squeeze it and hold it
‘Cause we consider these minutes golden
And maybe they'll admit it when we're gone
Just let our spirits live on
Through our lyrics that you hear in our songs, and we can…
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Sing with me, sing for the year 
Sing for the laughter, sing for the tear 
Sing it with me, just for today
Maybe tomorrow, the good Lord will take you away
Obie Trice! Real name, no gimmicks – 
Two trailer park girls go'round the outside
'Round the outside,'round the outside
Two trailer park girls go'round the outside
'Round the outside,'round the outside
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Guess who's back, guess who's back
Guess who's back, guess who's back
I've created a monster, ‘cause nobody wants to
See Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver
Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya
A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor
Some vodka that'll jump start my heart quicker
Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital
By the doctor when I'm not co-operating
When I'm rocking the table while he's operating 
You waited this long, now stop debating
‘Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating
I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney
But your husband's heart problem's complicating
So the FCC won't let me be
Or let me be me, so let me see
They try to shut me down on MTV
But it feels so empty without me
So, come on and dip, bum on your lips
Fuck that! Cum on your lips and some on your tits
And get ready, ‘cause this shit's about to get heavy
I just settled all my lawsuits—fuck you, Debbie! 
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
Little hellions, kids feeling rebellious
Embarrassed their parents still listen to Elvis
They start feeling like prisoners helpless
'Til someone comes along on a mission and yells, 
Bitch! ! ! 
A visionary, vision is scary
Could start a revolution, polluting the airwaves
A rebel, so just let me revel and bask
In the fact that I got everyone kissing my ass {​​smack}​​
And it's a disaster, such a catastrophe
For you to see so damn much of my ass—you asked for me? 
Well, I'm back, na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na-na
Fix your bent antenna, tune it in, and then I'm gonna
Enter in, and up under your skin like a splinter
The center of attention, back for the winter
I'm interesting, the best thing since wrestling
Infesting in your kid's ears and nesting
Testing, attention please
Feel the tension soon as someone mentions me
Here's my ten cents, my two cents is free
A nuisance, who sent? You sent for me? 
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
A tisk-it a task-it, I'll go tit for tat with
Anybody who's talking this shit, that shit
Chris Kirkpatrick, you can get your ass kicked
Worse than them little Limp Bizkit bastards
And Moby? You can get stomped by Obie
You 36-year-old baldheaded fag, blow me! 
You don't know me, you're too old, let go
I's over, nobody listens to techno
Now let's go, just give me the signal
I'll be there with a whole list full of new insults
I been dope, suspenseful with a pencil
Ever since Prince turned himself into a symbol
But sometimes the shit just seems
Everybody only wants to discuss me
So this must mean I'm disgusting
But it's just me, I'm just obscene
No, I'm not the first king of controversy
I am the worst thing since Elvis Presley
To do black music so selfishly
And use it to get myself wealthy
 There's a concept that works
Twenty million other white rappers emerge
But no matter how many fish in the sea
I'll be so empty without me
Now this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
I said this looks like a job for me
So everybody, just follow me! 
‘Cause we need a little controversy
‘Cause it feels so empty without me
Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la la la la
Hum dei dei la la Hum dei dei la la la la la
Kids!
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure
Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders, I ain't never supposed to show it
My crew ain't supposed to know it
Even if it means goin' toe to toe with a Benzino
It don't matter, I'd never drag them in battles that I can handle
'Less I absolutely have to, I'm supposed to set an example
I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide'em
If some shit ever does pop off I'm supposed to be beside'em
That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it
There's a certain line you just don't cross, and he crossed it
I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it
It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some Jay Z and Nas shit
And even though the battle is won, I feel like we lost it
I spent so much energy on it, honestly I'm exhausted
And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it
This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it
That was never my object, for someone to get killed
Why would I want to destroy something I helped build? 
It wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good
I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' {Suge}
And that was just outta respect, for not runnin' my mouth
And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about
Plus Dre told me stay out, this just wasn't my beef
So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth
While he's all over TV, down-talkin' the man
Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand
This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business
I'm still knowin' this shit could pop off at any minute, ‘cause—
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
There used to be a time when you could just say a rhyme and
Wouldn't have to worry about one of your people dyin'
But now it's elevated, ‘cause once you put someone's kids in it
The shit gets escalated — it ain't just words no more, is it? 
I's a different ball game, you call names and you ain't just rappin'
We actually tried to stop the 50 and Ja beef from happenin'
Me and Dre had sat with him, kicked it and had a chat with him
And asked him not to start it, he wasn't gonna go after him
Until Ja started yappin' in magazines how he stabbed him
Fuck it, 50, smash him! Mash him and let him have it! 
Meanwhile my attention's pulled in another direction
Some receptionist at The Source who answers phones at his desk
Has an erection for me and thinks that I'll be his resurrection
Tries to blow the dust off his mic and make a new record
But now he's fucked the game up
‘Cause one of the ways I came up
Was through that publication, the same one that made me famous
Now the owner of it has got a grudge against me for nothin'? 
Well, fuck it, that motherfucker could get it too, fuck him then! 
But I'm so busy bein' pissed off, I don't stop to think
That we just inherited 50's beef with Murder Inc.
And he's inherited mine, which is fine, ain't like either of us mind
We still have soldiers that's on the front line
Who's willin' to die for us as soon as we give the orders
Never to extort us, strictly to show they support us
And maybe shout'em out in a rap or up in the chorus
To show'em we love'em back and let them know how important
It is to have Runyon Avenue soldiers up in our corners
Their loyalty to us is worth more than any award is
But I ain't tryin' to have none of my people hurt or murdered
It ain't worth it, I can't think of a perfecter way to word it
Than to just say that I love y'all too much to see the verdict
I'll walk away from it all'fore I let it go any further
But don't get it twisted, it's not a plea that I'm coppin'
I'm just willing to be the bigger man if y'all can quit poppin'
Off at your jaws, well, then I can, ‘cause frankly I'm sick of talkin'
I'm not goin' to let someone else's coffin rest on my conscience
‘Cause—
Step by step, heart to heart
Left, right, left
We all fall down like toy soldiers
Bit by bit, torn apart
We never win
But the battle wages on for toy soldiers
May I have your attention, please? 
May I have your attention, please? 
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
I repeat, will the real Slim Shady please stand up? 
We're gonna have a problem here
Y'all act like you never seen a white person before
Jaws all on the floor like Pam like Tommy just burst in the door
And started whoopin' her ass worse than before
They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture {Aww! }
I's the return of the 
Ah, wait, no way, you're kidding
He didn't just say what I think he did, did he? 
And Dr. Dre said… nothing, you idiots! 
Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement 
Feminist women love Eminem
Chicka, chicka, chicka, Slim Shady, I'm sick of him
Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what
Flippin' the you-know-who,  
Yeah, but he's so cute though.
Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose
But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms
Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose
But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose
My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips
And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss
And that's the message that we deliver to little kids
And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is
Of course they're gonna know what intercourse is
By the time they hit fourth grade
They've got the Discovery Channel, don't they? 
We ain't nothin' but mammals—well, some of us, cannibals
Who cut other people open like cantaloupes
But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes
Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope
But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote
Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes—
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
Will Smith don't gotta cuss in his raps to sell records
Well, I do, so fuck him and fuck you too! 
You think I give a damn about a Grammy? 
Half of you critics can't even stomach me, let alone stand me
But Slim, what if you win, wouldn't it be weird? 
Why, so you guys could just lie to get me here? 
So you can sit me here next to Britney Spears? 
Shit, Christina Aguilera better switch me chairs
So I can sit next to Carson Daly and Fred Durst
And hear'em argue over who she gave head to first
Little bitch put me on blast on MTV
Yeah, he's cute, but I think he's married to Kim, hee-hee.
I should download her audio on MP3
And show the whole world how you gave Eminem VD
I'm sick of you little girl and boy groups
All you do is annoy me, so I have been sent here to destroy you
And there's a million of us just like me
Who cuss like me, who just don't give a fuck like me
Who dress like me; walk, talk and act like me
And just might be the next best thing, but not quite me
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
I'm like a head trip to listen to, ‘cause I'm only givin' you
Things you joke about with your friends inside your livin' room
The only difference is I got the balls to say it in front of y'all
And I don't gotta be false or sugarcoat it at all
I just get on the mic and spit it
And whether you like to admit it, I just shit it
Better than 90% of you rappers out can
Then you wonder: 
How can
Kids eat up these albums like Valiums? 
I's funny, ‘cause at the rate I'm going, when I'm 30
I'll be the only person in the nursing home flirting
Pinching nurse's asses when I'm jacking off with Jergens
And I'm jerking, but this whole bag of Viagra isn't working
And every single person is a Slim Shady lurking
He could be working at Burger King, spittin' on your onion rings
Or in the parking lot, circling, screaming, 
I don't give a fuck! 
With his windows down and his system up
So will the real Shady please stand up
And put one of those fingers on each hand up? 
And be proud to be outta your mind and outta control
And one more time, loud as you can, how does it go? 
I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
'Cause I'm Slim Shady, yes, I'm the real Shady
All you other Slim Shadys are just imitating
So won't the real Slim Shady please stand up
Please stand up, please stand up? 
Ha ha, I guess there’s a Slim Shady in all of us
Fuck it, let’s all stand up! 
Yeah, I know sometimes
Things may not always make sense to you right now
But hey, what'd Daddy always tell you? 
Straighten up, little soldier! 
Stiffen up that upper lip! 
What you cryin' about? You got me
Hailie, I know you miss your mom
And I know you miss your dad when I'm gone
But I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had
I can see you're sad
Even when you smile, even when you laugh
I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry
‘Cause you're scared, I ain't there
Daddy's with you in your prayers
No more crying, wipe them tears
Daddy's here, no more nightmares
We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it
Lainie, Uncle's crazy, ain't he? 
Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it
We're all we got in this world
When it spins, when it swirls, when it whirls, when it twirls
Two little beautiful girls
Looking puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusing you
Daddy's always on the move
Momma's always on the news
I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems
The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me
All the things growing up as Daddy that he had to see
Daddy don't want you to see
But you see just as much as he did
We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me
But things have got so bad between us
I don't see us ever being together ever again
Like we used to be when we was teenagers
But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason
I guess it was never meant to be
But it's just something we have no control over
And that's what destiny is
But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep
Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream
Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now
And we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright
Heh, it's funny
I remember back one year when Daddy had no money
Mommy wrapped the Christmas presents up
And stuck'em under the tree
And said some of'em were from me
‘Cause daddy couldn't buy'em
I'll never forget that Christmas I sat up the whole night cryin'
‘Cause Daddy felt like a bum – see, Daddy had a job
But his job was to keep the food on the table for you and Mom
And at the time, every house that we lived in
Either kept gettin' broken into and robbed or shot up on the block
And your mom was saving money for you in a jar
Tryin' to start a piggy bank for you so you could go to college
Almost had a thousand dollars
'Til someone broke in and stole it
And I know it hurt so bad it broke your momma's heart
And it seemed like everything was just starting to fall apart
Mom and Dad was arguing a lot
So Momma moved back on to Chalmers
In the flat, one bedroom apartment
And Dad moved back to the other side of 8 Mile on Novara
And that's when Daddy went to California with his CD
And met Dr. Dre, and flew you and Momma out to see me
But Daddy had to work, you and Momma had to leave me
Then you started seeing Daddy on the TV
And Momma didn't like it
And you and Lainie were too young to understand it
Papa was a rolling stone, Momma developed a habit
And it all happened too fast for either one of us to grab it
I'm just sorry you were there and had to witness it first hand
‘Cause all I ever wanted to do was just make you proud
Now I'm sittin' in this empty house
Just reminiscing, looking at your baby pictures, it just trips me out
To see how much you both have grown
I's almost like you're sisters now
Wow, guess you pretty much are, and Daddy's still here
Lainie, I'm talking to you too, Daddy's still here
I like the sound of that, yeah, it's got a ring to it, don't it? 
Sssshhh! Momma's only gone for the moment
Now hush, little baby, don't you cry
Everything's gonna be alright
Stiffen that upper lip up, little lady, I told ya
Daddy's here to hold ya through the night
I know Mommy's not here right now
And we don't know why
We fear how we feel inside
It may seem a little crazy, pretty baby
But I promise, Momma's gon' be alright
And if you ask me to, Daddy's gonna buy you a mockingbird
I'ma give you the world
I'ma buy a diamond ring for you, I'ma sing for you
I'll do anything for you to see you smile
And if that mockingbird don't sing and that ring don't shine
I'ma break that birdie's neck
I'll go back to the jeweler who sold it to ya
And make him eat every carat, don't fuck with Dad! 
Meet Eddie, 23 years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going, he decides to rob a liquor store. But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart, and suddenly his conscience comes into play.
Alright, stop, now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
 I'm your motherfuckin' conscience! 
 That's nonsense! 
Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns
Fuck that, do that shit! Shoot that bitch! 
Can you afford to blow this shit, are you that rich? 
Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it 
Not over this shit, drop the biscuit 
Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices
Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play.
Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearing her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe
Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? 
Fuck this bitch right here on the spot, bare
'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest
Man, fuck that, hit that shit raw dog and bail! 
These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I follow, I follow
I follow, I follow all these voices
Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man. 
Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
Alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay, thought about it? Still wanna stab her? 
Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember? 
 Uhh-ahh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
‘Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, fuck it, what am I sayin'? 
Shoot'em both, Grady! Where's your gun at?
Where's my snare? 
I have no snare in my headphones
There you go, yeah, yo, yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
I have: I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans
Explodin', tempers flarin' from parents
Just blow'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now
Ain't you, Momma? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now! 
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to'73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My faggot father must have had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just fuckin' wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest shit I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause I'da killed him, shit, I woulda shot Kim and him both
I's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Now, I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition
Take a second to listen'fore you think this record is dissin'
But put yourself in my position, just try to envision
Witnessin' your momma poppin' prescription pills in the kitchen
Bitchin' that someone's always goin' through her purse and shit's missin', goin' through public housing systems
Victim of Münchausen's Syndrome
My whole life I was made to believe I was sick when I wasn't
'Til I grew up, now I blew up
It makes you sick to your stomach, doesn't it? 
Wasn't it the reason you made that CD for me, Ma? 
So you could try to justify the way you treated me, Ma? 
But guess what, you're gettin' older now
And it's cold when you're lonely, and Nathan's growin' up so quick he's gonna know that you're phony
And Hailie's gettin' so big now, you should see her, she's beautiful
But you'll never see her — she won't even be at your funeral! 
See, what hurts me the most is you won't admit you was wrong
Bitch, do your song, keep tellin' yourself that you was a mom! 
But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get? 
You selfish bitch, I hope you fuckin' burn in hell for this shit! 
Remember when Ronnie died and you said you wished it was me? 
Well, guess what, I am dead — dead to you as can be! 
I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
I said I'm sorry, Momma, I never meant to hurt you
I never meant to make you cry
But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet
Down down down
Down down down
Down down down
Down okay
Guess who's back, back again
Shady's back, tell a friend
Now everyone report to the dance floor
To the dance floor, to the dance floor
Now everyone report to the dance floor
Alright, stop… pajama time
Come here, little kiddies! On my lap! 
Guess who's back with a brand new rap? 
And I don't mean rap as in a new case
Of child molestation accusations
Ah ah ah ah ah, no worries
Papa's got a brand new bag of toys
What else could I possibly do to make noise? 
I've done touched on everything but little boys
That's not a stab at Michael
That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho
I go a little bit crazy sometimes
I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes
Good God, dip, do a little slide
Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide
To the center of the dance floor
Like TP for my bung-hole
And it's cool if you let one go
Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? 
Give a little poot poot,  it's okay
*fart sound* Oops, my CD just skipped
And everyone just heard you let one rip
Now I'm gonna make you dance
I's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! 
Just lose it! 
Go crazy! 
Oh, baby  oh, baby, baby 
I's Friday and it's my day
Just to party all the way to Sunday
Maybe'til Monday, I don't know what day
Everyday's just a holiday
Cruisin' on the freeway, feelin' kind of breezy
Let the top down and my hair blow
I don't know where I'm goin', all I know is
When I get there someone's gonna 
Excuse me, miss, I don't mean to sound like a jerk
But I'm feelin' just a little stressed out from work
Would you punch me in the stomach and pull my hair
Spit on me, maybe gouge my eyes out? 
Now, what's your name, girl? What's your sign? 
Dre  beer goggles, blind
I'm just tryin' to unwind, now I'm…
Now I'm gonna make you dance
I's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! 
Just lose it! 
Go crazy! 
Oh, baby  oh, baby, baby 
I's Tuesday and I'm locked up
I'm in jail and I don't know what happened
They say I was runnin' butt naked
Down the street screamin' 
Your honor, I'm sorry, I don't remember
All I know is this much, I'm not guilty
They said 
Save it, boy, we got you on tape
Yellin' at an old lady 
Now this is the part where the rap breaks down
It gets real intense, no one makes a sound
Everything looks like it's 8 Mile now
The beat comes back and everybody lose themselves
Now snap back to reality; look, there's B. Rabbit! 
Oh, you signed me up to battle? I'm a grown man! 
Chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chuba chubby
I don't have any lines to go right here, so chuba tellytubby
Fellas!  fellas! 
Grab your left nut, make your right one jealous 
Black girls, white girls, skinny girls, fat girls
Tall girls, small girls, I'm calling all girls
Everyone report to the dance floor
I's your chance for a little romance or butt squeezin'
I's the season, just go ; it's so appeasin'
Now I'm gonna make you dance
I's your chance, yeah boy, shake that ass
Whoops, I mean girl… girl, girl, girl
Girl, you know you're my world
Alright, now lose it! 
Just lose it! 
Go crazy! 
Oh, baby  oh, baby, baby 
Touch my body
Touch my body
Oooh boy, touch my body
I mean girl, touch my body
Yeah, it's my life
In my own words, I guess
Have you ever loved someone so much, you'd give an arm for? 
Not the expression, no, literally give an arm for
When they know they're your heart, and you know you were their armor
And you will destroy anyone who would try to harm her
But what happens when karma turns right around to bite you? 
And everything you stand for turns on you to spite you? 
What happens when you become the main source of her pain? 
Daddy, look what I made!  
Dad's gotta go catch a plane
Daddy, where's Mommy? I can't find Mommy, where is she? 
I don't know, go play, Hailie, baby, your daddy's busy
Daddy's writing a song, this song ain't gon' write itself
I'll give you one underdog, then you gotta swing by yourself
Then turn right around on that song and tell her you love her
And put hands on her mother who's a spitting image of her
That's Slim Shady, yeah, baby, Slim Shady's crazy
Shady made me, but tonight Shady's rock-a-bye baby
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
I keep having this dream, I'm pushin' Hailie on the swing
She keeps screaming she don't want me to sing
You're making Mommy cry, why? Why is Mommy cryin'? 
Baby, Daddy ain't leaving no more 
Daddy, you're lyin'! 
You always say that, you always say this is the last time
But you ain't leaving no more, Daddy, you're mine! 
She's piling boxes in front of the door, tryna block it
Daddy, please! Daddy, don't leave! Daddy, no, stop it! 
Goes in her pocket, pulls out a tiny necklace locket
I's got a picture, 
This'll keep you safe, Daddy, take it with ya! 
I look up, it's just me standing in the mirror
These fuckin' walls must be talkin','cause man, I can hear'em
They're saying, 
You got one more chance to do right and it's tonight
Now go out there and show'em that you love'em'fore it's too late! 
And just as I go to walk out of my bedroom door
It turns to a stage, they're gone and this spotlight is on, and I'm singing—
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
Sixty-thousand people, all jumpin' out their seat
The curtain closes, they're throwin' roses at my feet
I take a bow, and thank you all for comin' out
They're screamin' so loud, I take one last look at the crowd
I glance down, I don't believe what I'm seein'
Daddy, it's me! Help Mommy, her wrists are bleedin'! 
But baby, we're in Sweden, how did you get to Sweden? 
I followed you, Daddy, you told me that you weren't leavin'
You lied to me, Dad, and now you made Mommy sad
And I bought you this coin, it says'Number One Dad'
That's all I wanted, I just wanted to give you this coin
I get the point, fine, me and Mommy are goin'.
But baby, wait! — 
I's too late, Dad, you made the choice
Now go up there and show'em that you love'em more than us
That's what they want, they want you, Marshall, they keep
Screamin' your name, it's no wonder you can't go to sleep
Just take another pill, yeah, I bet you you will
You rap about it, yeah, word, k-keep it real.
I hear applause, all this time I couldn't see
How could it be that the curtain is closin' on me? 
I turn around, find a gun on the ground, cock it
Put it to my brain, scream 
Die, Shady!  and pop it
The sky darkens, my life flashes
The plane that I was supposed to be on crashes
And burns to ashes; that's when I wake up
Alarm clock's ringin', there's birds singin'
I's Spring and Hailie's outside swingin'
I walk right up to Kim and kiss her, tell her I miss her
Hailie just smiles, and winks at her little sister, almost as if to say
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
And when I'm gone, just carry on, don't mourn
Rejoice every time you hear the sound of my voice
Just know that I'm looking down on you smiling
And I didn't feel a thang
So, baby, don't feel no pain, just smile back
*Curtains Closing*
Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin'
I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom
I sent two letters back in autumn
You must not've got'em
There probably was a problem at the post office or somethin'
Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot'em
But anyways, f— it, what's been up, man? 
How's your daughter? 
My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm'bout to be a father
If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? 
I'ma name her Bonnie
I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry
I had a friend kill himself over some  who didn't want him
I know you probably hear this every day
But I'm your biggest fan
I even got the underground stuff that you did with Skam
I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man
I like the stuff you did with Rawkus too, that  was phat
Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back
Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Slim, you still ain't called or wrote
I hope you have a chance
I ain't mad, I just think it's messed up you don't answer fans
If you didn't want to talk to me outside the concert
You didn't have to
But you could've signed an autograph for Matthew
That's my little brother, man, he's only six years old
We waited in the blisterin' cold for you
For four hours, and you just said no
That's pretty crummy, man, you're like his favorite idol
He wants to be just like you, man, he likes you more than I do
I ain't that mad though, I just don't like being lied to
Remember when we met in Denver? 
You said if I'd write you, you would write back
See, I'm just like you in a way; I never knew my father neither
He used to always cheat on my mom and beat her
I can relate to what you're sayin' in your songs
So when I have a crumby day, I drift away and put'em on
‘Cause I don't really got  else
So that  helps when I'm depressed
I even got a tattoo of your name across the chest
Sometimes I even cut myself to see how much it bleeds
I's like adrenaline, the pain is such a sudden rush for me
See, everything you say is real
And I respect you ‘cause you tell it
My girlfriend's jealous ‘cause I talk about you 24/7
But she don't know you like I know you, Slim, no one does
She don't know what it was like for people like us growin' up
You gotta call me, man
I'll be the biggest fan you'll ever lose, sincerely yours, Stan
P.S. We should be together too
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Mr. I'm-Too-Good-to-Call-or-Write-My-Fans
This'll be the last package I ever send your ass
I's been six months, and still no word—I don't deserve it? 
I know you got my last two letters
I wrote the addresses on'em perfect
So this is my cassette I'm sendin' you, I hope you hear it
I'm in the car right now, I'm doin' 90 on the freeway
Hey, Slim, I drank a fifth of vodka, you dare me to drive? 
You know the song by Phil Collins
In the Air of the Night,  about that guy who could've saved that other guy from drownin'
But didn't, then Phil saw it all, then at a show he found him? 
That's kinda how this is
You could've rescued me from drownin'
Now it's too late, I'm on a thousand downers now, I'm drowsy
And all I wanted was a lousy letter or a call
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall
I loved you, Slim, we could've been together
Think about it! You ruined it now
I hope go to sleep and you dream about it
And when you dream I hope you can't sleep
And you scream about it; I hope your conscience eats at you
And you can't breathe without me
See, Slim—shut up,  I'm tryin' to talk
Hey, Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin' in the trunk
But I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see, I ain't like you
‘Cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more
And then she'll die too
Well, gotta go, I'm almost at the bridge now
Oh shoot, I forgot, how am I supposed to send this tape out? ! 
My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The morning rain clouds up my window
And I can't see at all
And even if I could it'd all be gray
But your picture on my wall
It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad
Dear Stan, I meant to write you sooner, but I just been busy
You said your girlfriend's pregnant now—how far along is she? 
Look, I'm really flattered you would call your daughter that
And here's an autograph
For your brother, I wrote it on a Starter cap
I'm sorry I didn't see you at the show, I must've missed you
Don't think I did that  intentionally just to diss you
But what's this stuff you said about you like to cut your wrists too? I say that stuff just clownin'
Dawg, come on, how messed up is you? 
You got some issues, Stan, I think you need some counselin'
To help your ass from bouncin'
Off the walls when you get down some
And what's this junk about us meant to be together? 
That type of crap'll make me not want us to meet each other
I really think you and your girlfriend need each other
Or maybe you just need to treat her better
I hope you get to read this letter
I just hope it reaches you in time
Before you hurt yourself, I think that you'll be doin' just fine
If you relax a little, I'm glad I inspire you
But Stan, why are you so mad? 
Try to understand that I do want you as a fan
I just don't want you to do some crazy 
I seen this one  on the news
A couple weeks ago that made me sick
Some dude was drunk and drove his car over a bridge
And had his girlfriend in the trunk
And she was pregnant with his kid
And in the car they found a tape
But they didn't say who it was to
Come to think about it, his name was… it was you, damn
The weak or the strong—who got it going on? 
You're dead wrong
Relax and take notes
While I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke: gun smoke, gun smoke
Biggie Smalls for mayor
The rap slayer, the hooker layer
Motherfucker, say your prayers! 
Hail Mary, full of grace,  smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag and the North Face off her back
Jab her if she act, funny with the money
Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capeesha? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho? 
The head honcho, swift fist, like Camacho
I got so much style I should be down with the Stylistics
Make up to break up Niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit, just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor and me hittin' the clit
Sucking on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rocked quick
I guess I was a combination
Of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was humpin' around and jumpin' around
Jacked her, then I asked her, 
Who's the man? 
She said, 
B-I-G,  then I bust in her E-Y-E
The weak or the strong—who got it going on? 
You're dead wrong
When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard
Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted
Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh
Leave you toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit'em with the TEC
G's disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies; no ifs, ands, or maybes
Hit Mommy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis, after she sucked the dick
I stabbed her brother with a ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Got your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with a broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with? 
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feelin' it
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon, got the little hookers screamin'
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean? 
The weak or the strong—who got it going on? 
You're dead wrong
There's several different levels to Devil worshippin'
Horse's heads, human sacrifices
Cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals, havin' sex with them
Camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that; I kicked the habit
I just beat you to death
With weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin' meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket
I'm lyin', I got a 9 in my pocket
And, baby, I'm just dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords
For any faggot that said he was raw
My Uzi's heavy as yours; yeah, you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door
I'll lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceiling, red on the floor
Get a new whore, met on the second, wed on the third
Then she's dead on the fourth; I'm dead wrong
The weak or the strong—who got it going on? 
You're dead wrong
Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself
You can try this at home
You can be just like me
Mic check, one-two, we recording? 
I'm cancerous
So when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this
If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus
I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again
And break your fucking legs'til your bones poke through your skin
You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally
Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally
I get too blunted off of funny home grown
‘Cause when I smoke out I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono
 So if I said I never did drugs
That would mean I lie and get fucked
More than the President does
Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert
I ripped her fucking tonsils out and fed her sherbet 
My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge
Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out his blond dreads
Every girl I ever went out with has gone les
Follow me and do exactly what the song says
Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people
And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal
I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal
So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill
Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill
‘Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill
But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist
How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist
I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave
Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave
My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? 
And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? 
Now follow me and do exactly what you see
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
I slap women and eat shrooms then OD
Now don't you want to grow up to be just like me? 
Me and Marcus Allen went over to see Nicole
When we heard a knock at the door, must've been Ron Gold
Jumped behind the door, put the orgy on hold
Killed them both, then smeared blood on the white Bronco
 My mind won't work if my spine don't jerk
I slapped Garth Brooks out of his rhinestone shirt
I'm not a player, just a ill rhyme sayer
That'll spray a aerosol can up at the ozone layer
My rap style's warped, I'm running out the morgue
With your dead grandmother's corpse to throw it on your porch
Jumped in a Chickenhawk cartoon with a cape on
And beat up Foghorn Leghorn with an acorn
I'm'bout as normal as Norman Bates with deformative traits
A premature birth that was four minutes late
Mother, are you there? I love you
I never meant to hit you over the head with that shovel
Will someone please explain to my brain
That I just severed the main vein with a chainsaw and I'm in pain? 
I take a breather and sigh; either I'm high
Or I'm nuts, ‘cause if you ain't tilting this room, neither am I
So when you see your mom with a thermometer
Shoved in her ass, then it probably is obvious I got it on with her
‘Cause when I drop this solo shit, it's over with
I bought Cage's tape, opened it, and dubbed over it
I came to the club drunk with a fake ID
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
I've been with ten women who got HIV
Now don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
I got genital warts and it burns when I pee
Don't you wanna grow up to be just like me? 
I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree
You probably wanna grow up to be just like me
When I was just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothing I could do or say to try to change it
‘Cause that's just the way she was
They said I can't rap about being broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? 
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit ‘cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it
Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you
Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut — okay, Ma? 
Oh, now he's raping his own mother
Abusing a whore, snorting coke
And we gave him the Rolling Stone cover? 
You're goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious
Vain Vicodin, vrin vrin vrin! 
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts — bitch, I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Bitch, I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I been through Hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryna develop these pictures of the Devil to sell'em
I ain't acid rap,  but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? 
No, just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend? No, Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him you give him an impulse
To do it again, then if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the tenth
Bitch, I'ma kill you! I ain't done, this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it
Three or four times in a tub, but that's normal — ain't it, Norman? 
Serial killer hiding murder material
In a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds and we want in yours: let us in, or I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Know why I say these things? 
‘Cause ladies' screams keep creepin' in Shady's dreams
And the way things seem
I shouldn't have to pay these shrinks
These 80 G's a week to say the same things tweece
Twice, whatever, I hate these things
Fuck shots, I hope the weed'll outweigh these drinks
Motherfuckers want me to come on their radio shows
Just to argue with'em ‘cause their ratings stink
Fuck that! I'll choke radio announcer to bouncer
From fat bitch to all seventy thousand pounds of her
From principal to the student body and counselor
From in-school to before school to outta school
I don't even believe in breathin'
I'm leavin' air in your lungs
Just to hear you keep screamin' for me to seep it
Okay, I'm ready to go play, I got the machete from O.J.
I'm ready to make everyone's throats ache
You faggots keep eggin' me on
'Til I have you at knifepoint, then you beg me to stop
Shut up! Give me your hands and feet
I said shut up when I'm talkin' to you
You hear me? Answer me, or I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! You don't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin', I don't squash the beef
You better kill me, I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me, I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
Bitch, I'ma kill you! 
You don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you 
I said you don't wanna fuck with Shady 
‘Cause Shady will fucking kill you
Ha-ha-ha, I'm just playing, ladies
You know I love you
I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you -- da da, da da, da da
I'll shit on you! I will shit on you
I'll shit on you! Girl you know, its true
I'll shit on you! Bitch or man, its true
I'll shit on you! I will shit on you
I remain fatter than gluttony
Taping bombs to the back of record companies
Blow'em up if they ain't wantin me
The national guard, they scared of huntin' me
I love beef; I got you hoes ducking me
A drug thief, bitch I'll take your marijuana
These slugs'll keep your ass away from my corner
I drown niggas in hundred degree saunas
You can act a fool if ya wanna 
I's this lyrical piranha
Strapped wit a grenade, in the pool with ya mama
Attack her by the legs then I pull her to the bottom
Twist nuttin' up like a condom
Slap it if you fuckers got a problem
When I see'em, you hoes ending up in a fucking mausoleum
Or hidden in the trunk of a black and gold BM
Pull in the garage while you screaming
Keep the motor on then I'm leaving 
I'll shit on you! 
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you! 
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you! 
I'm a alcoholic, where's the fucking toilet? 
Pass the hot dogs 
Bitch, shut your fucking mouth
I'mma keep eating'til Richard Simmons comes to my house
With a chain saw to cut me out 
I'll fuck your wife, I had sex since I met her
Too busy fucking with your twelve year old baby sitter 
And all women ain't shit - only good for cooking, cleaning
And sucking dick - and that's it! 
I'm responsible for killing John Candy
Got Jon Benet Ramsey in my'98 Camry
I don't give a fuck who you are
I'll shit on anybody; truly yours the idiotic Bizarre
My adolescent years weren't shit to what I do now
I never grew up, I was born grown and grew down
The older I get, the dumber the shit, I get in
The more ignorant, the incident is, I fit in
Ignoring the shit how boring it gets
When there's no one to hit
I don't know when to quit throwing a fit
I know I'm a bit flaky but they make me
I's they who egged me and say they can take me
I's they who legs I brake and make achy
I's they who mistake me and make me so ANGRY! 
 I'll spit on you
Start pissing and do the opposite on you
You weren't listening, I said I'll cop a squat on you
Start spilling my guts like chicken cordon bleu and
Straight shit like Notorious B.I.G. did to that bitch
On his skit on his last album
Pull my pants down and
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you! 
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you! 
Is Richard Pryor still alive? 
If not I'm sicker than he was prior to him dying 
Born brainless, this steel ain't stainless
Your bloodstains are all over this steel god dang-it
Bitch bring it, these niggas that I hang with
I hang you up naked by your ankles dangling 
My need I stay strangling, I don't need your help
If you don't give me the pussy
I'll un-loosen my belt 
I'm what your daddy's not, your mom's kinda cock
Your sister tends court, your aunt supply her rocks
Buck fifty cross your neck
Floss your TEC, I'll beat you wit it across your chest
Yo, it's only right I jack your car keys and run
Spent all of my advancements on weed and guns
For fun, when I'm drunk
I'll run a truck through the weed house
Jump out and beat ya peeps down worse than Steve Stoute
Put you in chokeholds I learned last week
From the Police man who caught me stealing weed from his jeep
 I see hoes biting, y'all don't wanna brawl
That's like Deebo fighting Peabo Bryson 
Fuck what you hollering and yelling about
I'll reach in your mouth and pull your fucking skeleton out! 
Niggas get hit wit a two piece; 
Wit a poisonous sting, I'm such a violent thing
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you! 
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you! 
Once I get on two, hits of X
My disk slips and disconnects
'til I walk around this bitch with a twisted neck
But still shit on the first bitch who disrespects
 Over reaction is my only reaction
Which only sets off a chain reaction
And puts five more zany acting maniacs in action
A rat pack in black jackets who pack ten
Nine millimeters, five criminals pulling heaters
And spilling liters of blood like swimming pools
Shiesty individuals shoot at bitches too {​​​​*bullets spray*}​​​​
A lot of people say misogynistic which is true
I don't deny it matter of fact I stand by it
So please stand by as I start up a damn riot
If you don't wanna get stampeded then stand quiet
Boy, girl, dog, woman, man, child 
I will shit on you I don't care who you are
I'll shit on you! 
I don't give a fuck about you or your car
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your house, fuck your jewelry and fuck your watch
I'll shit on you! 
Fuck your wife, fuck your kids, fuck your family
I'll shit on you! 
You heard me {​​​​*Eminem laughs*}​​​​
Bitch, I'll shit on you
D12 will shit on you
I'll shit on you
Your life
Your wife
Your kids
Your car
I'll shit on you
Your house
Your spouse
Your rings
Your things
I'll shit on you
I'll shit on you
I'll shit on you
I'll shit on you
A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions
A lot of people think that what I say on a record
Or what I talk about on a record
That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it
Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody
That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it
Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you
You know why? ‘Cause I'm a criminal! 
Criminal! You're goddamn right
I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal! 
My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge
That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez
Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest
Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes
Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic
Staring at my jeans, watching my genitals bulgin'
That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of'em
They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of'em! 
Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me! 
And I was just checkin' the mail
Get it? Checkin' the male? 
How many records you expecting to sell
After your second LP sends you directly to jail? 
Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men
Right, Ken? Give me an amen! 
Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus
Heal this child, help us destroy these demons
Oh, and please send me a brand new car
And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital
Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher! 
You can't reach me, my mom can't neither
You can't teach me a goddamn thing ‘cause
I watch TV and Comcast cable
And you ain't able to stop these thoughts
You can't stop me from toppin' these charts
And you can't stop me from droppin' each March
With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards
And to think, it's just lil old me
Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave
I'm a criminal! 
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! 
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one
The mother did drugs, hard liquor, cigarettes and speed
The baby came out, disfigured ligaments, indeed
It was a seed who would grow up just as crazy as she
Don't dare make fun of that baby, ‘cause that baby was me
I'm a criminal, an animal caged who turned crazed
But how the fuck you supposed to grow up when you weren't raised? 
So as I got older and I got a lot taller
My dick shrunk smaller, but my balls got larger
I drink more liquor to fuck you up quicker
Than you'd wanna fuck me up for sayin' the word ______
My morals went *pffft* when the president got oral
Sex in his Oval Office on top of his desk off of his own employee
Now, don't ignore me, you won't avoid me
You can't miss me: I'm white, blonde-haired, and my nose is pointy
I'm the bad guy who makes fun of people that die
In plane crashes and laughs as long as it ain't happened to him
Slim Shady, I'm as crazy as Eminem and Kim combined
The Maniac's in in place of the Doctor
‘Cause Dre couldn't make it today
He's a little under the weather, so I'm takin' his place
Oh, that's Dre with an AK to his face
Don't make me kill him too and spray his brains all over the place
I told you, Dre, you should've kept that thang put away
Guess that'll teach you not to let me play with it, eh? 
I'm a criminal! 
ROBBER: Aight look, just go up in that motherfucker, get the motherfucking money and get the fuck up outta there
EMINEM: Alright
ROBBER: I’ll be right here waiting on you
EMINEM: Aight
ROBBER: Yo, Em
EMINEM: What? ! 
ROBBER: Don't kill nobody this time
EMINEM: Awwright… goddamn, this motherfucker gets on my fuckin' nerves! 
{*Whistling*} How you doin'? 
TELLER: Hi, how can I help you? 
EMINEM: Yeah, I need to make a withdrawal
TELLER: Okay
EMINEM: Put the fucking money in the bag, bitch, and I won’t kill you! 
TELLER: What? Oh my God, don’t kill me! 
EMINEM: I’m not gonna kill you, bitch, quit looking around
TELLER: Don’t kill me, I've got two kids at home don't kill me! 
EMINEM: I said I’m not gonna fucking kill you
TELLER: Don't kill me! 
EMINEM: Hurry the fuck up! {*Gunshot*} Thank you! 
Go, go, go! 
Windows tinted on my ride when I drive in it
So when I rob a bank, run out and just dive in it
So I'll be disguised in it
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I hide for five minutes
Come back, shoot the eyewitness
Fire at the private eye hired to pry in my business
Die bitches, bastards, brats, pets
This puppy's lucky I didn't blast his ass yet
If I ever gave a fuck, I'd shave my nuts
Tuck my dick in between my legs and cluck
You motherfuckin' chickens ain't brave enough
To say the stuff I say, so just tape it shut
Shit, half the shit I say, I just make it up
To make you mad, so kiss my white naked ass
And if it's not a rapper that I make it as
I'ma be a fuckin' rapist in a Jason mask
I'm a criminal! 
‘Cause every time I write a rhyme
These people think it's a crime
To tell'em what's on my mind
I guess I'm a criminal! 
I don't gotta say a word
I just flip'em the bird and keep goin'
I don't take shit from no one
 A criminal!
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? 
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do, through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid, I penetrate pop culture
Bring'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up ‘cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown
When child support knocked – no, he's not around
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays
From frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it? 
I help them see they way through it – not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with'em a minute
‘Cause see, they call me a menace
And if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all will swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics? 
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits? 
But there's a huge interference
They're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment? 
Nah, nah, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here? 
I don't think you do, so stay tuned
And keep your ears glued to the stereo
‘Cause here we go, he's Jigga, Jigga, Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a—
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
‘Cause I'm a renegade! 
Never been afraid to talk about anything
 Anything! 
Renegade!  renegade! 
Anything?  Anything! 
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat
Feelin' braver, durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan my pops left me
And often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
'Specially on nights I brought somethin' home
To quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics
Raisin' my head to the sky, Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape? 
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' Dixie
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, ‘cause I'm a muh'fuckin'—
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
‘Cause I'm a renegade! 
Never been afraid to talk about anything
 Anything! 
Renegade!  renegade! 
Anything?  Anything!
Woah, uh get your hands in the air
And get to clapping'em and, like, back and forth
Because this is what you thought it wasn't
It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen
I be the F-R-O the double G
And check out my man, he goes by the name of um, er…
Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady
I'm an M-80, you little like that Kim lady
I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer
Cursin' at you playas worse than Marty Schottenheimer
You wacker than the motherfucker you bit your style from
You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album
Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open
I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke and smokin' dope then
My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic 
I have a disease, and they don't know what to call it
Better hide your wallet, ‘cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash
Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass
Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin', so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin
You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson
The proof is in the pudding, just ask De
Shaun Holton
I'll slit your motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', 
Fuck the world!  like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck
Talkin' that shit behind my back
Dirty mackin', tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck
But see me on the street and duck
‘Cause you gon' get stuck, stole, and snuffed
‘Cause I just don't give a fuck
I'm nicer than Pete, but I'm on a search to crush a milkbone
I'm everlastin', I melt vanilla ice like silicone
I'm ill enough to just straight up diss you for no reason
I'm colder than snow season when it's 20 below freezin'
Flavor with no seasonin', this is the sneak preview
I'll diss your magazine and still won't get a weak review
I'll make your freak leave you, smell the Folgers crystals
This is lyrical combat—gentlemen, hold your pistols! 
But I form like Voltron and blast you with my shoulder missiles
Slim Shady; Eminem was the old initials 
Extortion, snortin', supportin' abortion
Pathological liar, blowin' shit out of proportion
The looniest, zaniest, spontaneous, sporadic
Impulsive thinker, compulsive drinker, addict
Half animal, half man
Dumpin' yo' dead body inside of a fuckin' trash can
With more holes than an afghan
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', 
Fuck the world!  like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck
Talkin' that shit behind my back
Dirty mackin', tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck
But see me on the street and duck
‘Cause you finna get stuck, stole, and snuffed
I just don't give a fuck
Somebody, let me out this limousine! I'm a caged demon
On stage screamin' like Rage Against the Machine
I'm convinced I'm a fiend
Shootin' up while this record is spinnin'
Clinically brain-dead, I don't need a second opinion
Fuck droppin' a jewel, I'm flippin' a sacred treasure
I'll bite yo' motherfuckin' style, just to make it fresher
I can't take the pressure, I'm sick of bitches
Sick of naggin' bosses bitchin' while I'm washin' dishes
In school I never said much, too busy havin' a headrush
Doin' too much rush had my face flushed like red blush
Then I went to Jim Beam, that's when my face grayed
Went to gym in 8th grade, raped the women's swim team
Don't take me for a joke, I'm no comedian
Too many mental problems got me snortin' coke and smokin' weed again
I'm goin' up over the curb, drivin' on the median
Finally made it home, but I don't got the key to get in
So when you see me on yo' block with two Glocks
Screamin', 
Fuck the world!  like 2Pac
I just don't give a fuck
Talkin' that shit behind my back
Dirty mackin', tellin' your boys that I'm on crack
I just don't give a fuck
So put my tape back on the rack
Go run and tell your friends my shit is wack
I just don't give a fuck
But see me on the street and duck
‘Cause you finna get stuck, stole, and snuffed
I just don't give a fuck
Shit, fuck everybody! 
Outsidaz, Pacewon, Young Zee
Morning, Marshall.
Morning, doc.
So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling? 
Ah, anxious.
Anxiety? 
Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world. Nervous.
Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now
You're sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this
You found a sponsor yet? 
Um, not yet. But I mean, when I get back...
Well, if you find one, you find one. If you don't, you don't.
Well, yeah, I mean I gotta start going to meetings first and... Wait, what? 
Well, I mean you don't absolutely have to go to meetings, I mean it's not like... a requirement; if they fit into your schedule, I know you're a busy person.
Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing? 
So what else are you thinking? 
Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and I mean learn'em, and start being able to apply'em.
The steps? 
Yeah, the steps.
There's a lot of them, aren't there? 
Well, twelve, but–
Christ, I don't even know them all.
Really? 
Anything else? 
Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is like, what do I do if I find myself in a situation where, maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that, and I get tempted to—
Take a drink.
What? 
Take a drink, and y'know, take the edge off.
Take the edge off? Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to.
What, you mean these?  *shakes pills*
No, what the fuck? ! 
Marshall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we? Marshall, you can't leave me, you'll never leave me, Marshall. We'll always be together, Marshall. Marshall? Marshall! ! 
Oh no, no, no! Come on, man! 
Oh, fuck you, man! 
No, no, no, NO! 
*Alarm beeps*
Oh, shit! "
There is no escaping
There's no place to hide
You scream, 
Someone save me! 
But they don't pay no mind
Goodnight, goodbye! 
You're walking down a horror corridor
I's almost four in the morning and you're in a
Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner
Waiting for you to turn the corner so he can corner ya
You're a goner, he's onto ya
Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw you run
All you want is to rest'cause you can't run anymore, you're done
All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience
While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it
Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again
Contemplating my next plot again
Swallowin' a Klonopin while I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman
At the Ramada Inn, holding onto the pill bottle, then
Lick my finger and swirl it'round the bottom
And make sure I got all of it
Wake up naked at Mc
Donald's with
Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit
Guess I must've just blacked out again—not again! 
I's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
Sitting nude in my living room, it's almost noon
I wonder what's on the tube, maybe they'll show some boobs
Surfing every channel until I find Hannah Montana
Then I reach for the aloe and lanolin, bust all over the wall panelin'
Dismantlin' every candle on top of the fireplace mantle, and
Grab my flannel and my bandana, then
Kiss the naked mannequin man again
You can see him standin' in my front window if you look in
I'm just a hooligan who's used to using hallucinogens
Causing illusions again, brain contusions again
Cutting and bruising the skin, razors, scissors, and pins
Jesus, when does it end? Phases that I go through
Dazed and I'm so confused
Days that I don't know who gave these molecules to
Me, what am I gon' do? 
Hey, the prodigal son, the diabolical one
Very methodical when I slaughter them
I's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
She puts the lotion in the bucket
It puts the lotion on the skin
Or else it gets the hose again
I cut and I slash, slice and gash, last night was a blast
I can't quite remember when I had that
Much fun off a half-pint of the Jack, my last Vic and a half
A flashlight up Kim Kardashian's ass
I remember the first time I dismembered a family member
December, I think it was, I was having drinks with my cousin
I wrapped him in Christmas lights
Pushed him into the stinkin' tub, cut him up into pieces
And just when I went to drink his blood
I thought, 
I oughta drink his bath water, that oughta be fun
That's when my days of serial murder manslaughter begun
The sight of blood excites me, that might be an artery, son
Your blood-curdlin' screams just don't seem to bother me none
I's 3 a.m. and here I come, so you should probably run
A secret passageway around here, man, there's got to be one
Oh no, there's probably none
He can scream all that he wants, top of his lungs
But ain't no stopping me from chopping him up-up,'cause…
I's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
I said, it's 3 a.m. in the mornin'
Put my key in the door, and
Bodies layin' all over the floorin'
I don't remember how they got there
But I guess I must've killed'em, killed'em
Yo, ayo 
Yo, ayo 
Yo, ayo 
Yo, ayo 
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay
Alright, aight, aight, aight, aight, aight
Yo, yo
Alright, I'mma lay the chorus first
Here we go now
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on'cause I'm my mom
My mom, my mom
I know you're probably tired of hearing'bout my mom
Oh-ho, whoa-ho
But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty
And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um
Valium was in everything, food that I ate
The water that I drank, fuckin' peas on my plate
She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak
So every day, I'd have at least three stomach aches
Now, tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her
Son grow up to be an under-a-fuckin'-chiever? 
My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either
What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fucking seat for? 
Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffing ether
Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer
But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either
It was neither, I was buzzing but it wasn't what she thought
Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleeping
What the fuck you keep on fucking with me for? 
Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin'
Go find you a white crayon and color a fucking zebra
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on'cause I'm my mom
Wait a minute, this ain't dinner, this is paint thinner
You ate it yesterday, I ain't hear no complaints, did I? 
Now here's a plate full of painkillers
Now just wait'til I crush the Valium and put it in your potatoes
You little motherfucker, I'll make you sit there and make
That retarded fucking face without even tasting it
You better lick the fucking plate, you ain't wasting it
Put your face in it'fore I throw you in the basement again
And I ain't givin' in, you're gonna just sit there
In one fucking place, finnickin''til next Thanksgiving
And if you still ain't finished it, I'll use the same shit again
Then when I make spinach dip, it'll be placed in the shit
You little shit, wanna sit there and play innocent? 
A rack fell and hit me in K-Mart and they witnessed it
Child support, your father, he ain't sent the shit
And so what if he did? I's none of your dang business, kid
My mom
There's no one else quite like my mom
I know I should let bygones be bygones
But she's the reason why I am high what I'm high on
'Cause my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on'cause I'm my mom
My mom loved Valium, now all I am
Is a party animal, I am what I am
But I'm strong to the finish with me Valium spinach
But my buzz only lasts about two minutes
But I don't wanna swallow it without chewin' it
I can't even write a rhyme without you in it
My Valium, my Vaaaaaa-liummmm, ohh
Man, I never thought that I could ever be
A drug addict, naw, fuck that, I can't have it happen to me
But that's actually
What has ended up happening, a tragedy
The fucking past ended up catching me
And it's probably where I got acquainted with the taste, ain't it? 
Pharmaceuticals are the bomb, Mom, beautiful
She killed the fuckin' dog with the medicine she done fed it
Feed it a fuckin' aspirin and say that it has a headache
Here, want a snack? You hungry, you fuckin' brat? 
Look at that, it's a Xanax, take it and take a nap, eat it
But I don't need it 
Well fuck it then, break it up
Take a little piece and beat it before you wake Nathan up
Alright Ma, you win, I don't feel like arguin'
I'll do it, pop and gobble it and start wobblin'
Stumble, hobble, tumble, slip, trip then I fall in bed
With a bottle of meds and a Heath Ledger bobblehead
My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I am like I am'cause I'm like her
Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs
That's why I'm on what I'm on'cause I'm my mom
My mom, I'm just like her
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my mom, my mom
My mom, my momma
Me momma, I like-a da momma
Haha, sorry Mom
I still love you though
Dr. Dre, 2010
Ay, this shit is hella hard, homie
Yo, take us on outta here
Woo!
I was born with a dick in my brain, yeah, fucked in the head
My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed
'Til one night he snuck in and said
We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed
Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? 
After I fuck you in the butt, get some head
Bust a nut, get some rest,  the next day, my mother said
I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid
The bastard won't even eat nothing, he's fed
He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead
Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset
Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck
I'll bet you he's fakin' it, I'll bet you, I bet
He probably just wants to see how upset you would get
I'll go handle this, of course unless you object
Aw, go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
Did you get him?  Naw, fucker tried to bite my face off
I just got fuckin' chased off with a chainsaw
Then he took the chainsaw, bit the fuckin' blades off
Ate the blades, stuck a baseball in a slingshot
Then he aimed at his own face, let the thing pop
Took his eye out, picked it up and played ping pong
Then he played ping pong with his own ding-dong
That motherfucker's got nuts like King Kong
Then he set the lawnmower out on the dang lawn
And he laid all up underneath it with the thing on
Then he took his pants, he took every fuckin' thing off
Everything except his tank top and his training bra
Ain't he raw? Yeah, maniac, that's Shady, dawg
Man, that motherfucker's gangsta, ain't he, dawg? 
Shady, dawg, what be goin' through that fuckin' brain of yours? 
Say no more, what the fuck you waitin' for? Sing along
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
Don't you know what felch means? 
Yeah Well then, tell me
Would you rather get felched or do the felching? 
Fuck'em in the ass, suck the cum out while you're belching
Burp, belch, and go back for a second helping
Can you dig what I'm saying, man? Can you smell me? 
I want you to feel me like my stepfather felt me 
Fuck a little puppy, kick the puppy while he's yelping
Shady, what the fuck you saying?  I don't know, help me! 
What the fuck's happening? I think I'm fuckin' melting
Marshall, I just love you, boy, I care about your well-being
No, Dad, I said no—I don't need no help peeing
I'm a big boy, I can do it by myself, see? 
I only get naked when the babysitter tells me
She showed me a movie like Nightmare on Elm Street
But it was X and they called it 
Pubic Hair on Chelsea
Well, this is called'Ass Rape' and we're shooting the jail scene
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
If you could count the skeletons in my closet
Under my bed and up under my faucet
Then you would know I've completely lost it
Is he nuts? No, he's insane
Oh, it's music to my ears, oh, man
How can I describe the way I feel? 
Fucking great, man
Okay, let me see
How could I begin? 
Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch
Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Captain Crunch
Red wine for breakfast and for brunch
And to soak it up, an in-between snack, crackers to munch
Mariah, what ever happened to us? Why did we have to break up? 
All I asked for was a glass of punch
You see, I never really asked for much
I can't imagine what's going through your mind after such
A nasty break-up with that Latin hunk Luis Miguel
Nick Cannon better back the fuck up
I'm not playin', I want her back, ya punk
This is Hello Kitty bedspread, Satin Funk
Mixed with Egyptian with a little Rap and Punk
Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, Crunk
And yeah, baby, I want another crack at ya
You can beat me with any spatula that you want
I mean, I really want you bad, you cunt
Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk
Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood
So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? 
For Pete sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind
Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on
'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets
And act like a madman holding a Glad
You can be a permanent fixture in my lyrical mixture
I'm the Miracle Whip trickster
My signature sound, when a tube of lipstick's around
I'm bound to put it on in an instant, wow
Man, what an ensemble
What an assortment of pharma–ceuticals
This beautiful pill dust in my palm, my
Cuticles get residue just from touchin' the bottle
Never knew I could remind me so much of my momma
I'll cut ya like Dahmer, pull a butcher knife on ya
The size of a sword, boy, I'm like the fuckin' Red Sonja
Get it stuck in your cornea, nice knowing ya, Norman
You're so fuckin' annoyin', drop the shovel, boy
You don't know what the fuck you're doin'
I ain't playin' no fuckin' more
Nick Cannon, you prick, I wish you luck with the fuckin' whore
Every minute there's a sucker born, snuck up on Malachi
Made the motherfucker suck on a shuck of corn
Shuck o', shuck o' corn, Chaka Khan
Hit Jason in the face with a hockey puck, and
Told him it's fuckin' on, man, what the fuck are ya doin'? 
You're runnin' over the snowblower with the lawnmower
Blowin' your bagpipes from Baghdad
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? 
For Pete sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind
Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on
'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets
And act like a madman holding a Glad bag
In the bed with two brain-dead lesbian vegetables
I bet you they become heterosexual
Nothing will stop me from molestin' you
Titty-fuckin' you'til your breast nipple flesh tickles my testicles
Is what I said to the two conjoined twins
How's it going, girlfriends? You needs a boyfriend? 
You need some ointment? Just set up an appointment
Who's gonna see the doctor first? We'll do a coin flip
I just got my one-year sobriety coin chit
When the bad get going, how bad does the going get? 
Baby, you shouldn't have any trouble rubbing groins wit'
Each other, specially when you're joined at the hip
I'm going to get the needle and thread from the sewing kit
And attempt to separate'em and stitch'em back at the loin, shit
Lure the little boy with the chocolate'Chips Ahoy! ' chip
Cookie, lookie, even took me a Polaroid flick
Bagpipes from Baghdad
When will it ever cease? 
For Pete sakes, he's crazy to say the least
Bagpipes from Baghdad
What's going through my mind
Half the time, when I rhyme, or blowing up like
Bagpipes from Baghdad
Somebody turn the vacancy sign on
'Cause I'm gone, blowing on my
Bagpipes from Baghdad
I run the streets
And act like a madman holding a Glad bag
Oh, bagpipes from Baghdad
Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah
Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah
Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah
Hghum-day-li-laaa-aaa-aaa-aaa-aa-aah-aah
Hello
Allow me to introduce myself
My name is... Shady
I's so nice to meet you
I's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is... Shady
I never meant to leave you
Yeah
You see that chick in the gym, checking me out? 
Any second I'm'bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house
That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now? 
There's the necklace I lost right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man, I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
Oh, jackpot, yeah, open sesame, mouth
Down the hatch and the feeling, you can't match it
I rat-tat-tap on your door with a damn ratchet
Attack-tack-tacking a whore with a damn hatchet
A knapsack packed with like forty-some Xanaxes
Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lap dances
I'm'bout to relapse, so baby, pour me some Jack Daniel's
Formula 44D and 40s with bad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back at ya
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
And are you menstruating, baby? 
My little friend's waiting to say hello
The way your titties are wigglin'
And your bootie's shakin' like Jello
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
Yeah
My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man, people give me'em
It just becomes everyday, extra-curriculum
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun
A fifth of rum and two bottles of 151
Fifty-one people asleep in my damn living room
Excuse me, hun, but what is your name, Vivian? 
I woke up next to you naked, and uhh, did we, umm? 
Of course we did, but didn't I strap Jimmy, hun? 
I'm looking for the torn wrapper but there don't seem to be one
No offense, baby girl, I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from
I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run
Like Speedy Gonzales to see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of 3s, I'm fiending for some
My head is pounding to the beat of the drum
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you
To make my mood mellow? 
Some are oval and some are pink
Some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
Oh, those were the days, they certainly were
I's hurting me to know that I'll be closing that curtain for good
Word-word, chk-word-word, chk-word, chk-chk-word
I second that and I third, rushed to emergency surgery
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased
He's no longer getting them free
Hundred bucks for these Percodans
Plus it's getting to be where he lustfully search the den
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurtin' him
Tirelessly on the phone trying to rustle up
Muscle relaxers for his back and a couple of Paxils
Now he's doubling backwards and he's stumbling back
Slipped and fell, hit his back, boom, heard something go crack
Now he's up in the bathroom like he's busting a nap
Almost ended it that soon because of the fact
I'm just busting my own chops while I'm busting a rap
Resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it, I'm back
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you
To make my mood mellow? 
Some are oval and some are pink
Some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl, I don't mean any harm
All I wanted to do is just say hello
And so I'm saying
Hello
Allow me to introduce myself
My name is, Shady
I's so nice to meet you
I's been a long time
I'm sorry I've been away so long
My name is, Shady
I never meant to leave you
Yeah
I's like starting over
Clean slate
Hah
Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck, stop! 
Thank God you stopped
Fuck, my fucking On
Star isn't working
I left my fucking phone at home! 
God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour
I'm soaking wet, freezing
Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver, uh
What are you doing? 
Fucking! Get away from me! What the fuck! Fucking asshole! 
Get away from me, you motherfucker! Get away! 
Get away, you fucking freak! Get away from me! 
Goddammit, fuck! Help me!
Yeah
Same song and dance
Damn girl, everywhere I go
Same song and dance
I like the way you move, all over the globe
Same song and dance
Something about it, man
Same song and dance
In the pale moonlight
I'm looking at ya, yeah girl, you're kinda tooken back by
The whole rapper thing aren't ya? 
Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard ya
Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? 
Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster
The police constantly bugging you non-stop
I walk up on ya, 
Well, hello Tonya
I think you got your On
Star button inside your car stuck
You out of gas? Do you got a flat? 
I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat
I got your back
Why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back
And sit up front; I'm not asking, it's a trap
You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap
In broad day, and no mask for this attack
I heard'em say exact opposites attract
If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back
Come on
Yeah baby, do that dance
I's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass
You ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
I's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
Same song and dance
The first victim I had, she was a big one
Big movie star, a party girl, big fun
She was the girl the media always picked on
In and out of rehab every four-to-six months
She was always known for little pranks and slick stunts
At Nickelodeon, flashed the little kids once
What an event it was, I was sitting in front
I was hooked in at the first glimpse of them buns
Seen her backstage, now here's where I come in, son
Look, here she comes, I better pull out the big guns
Hello, Lindsay, you're looking a little thin, hun
How'bout a ride to rehab? Get in, cunt
But starting off on the wrong foot is what I didn't want
Girl, I'm just kidding, let me start over again, hun
See what I meant was, we should have a little intervention
Come with me to Brighton, let me relieve your tension
You little wench, ya, murder wasn't my intention
If I wanted to kill you, it would've already been done
Slowly she gets in and I begin to lynch her
With 66 inches of extension cord
Yeah baby, do that dance
I's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass
You ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
I's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
Same song and dance
My second victim was even bigger than the first
Pop star, icon, the whole works
She played a little schoolgirl when she first
Burst upon the scene and seen that the world was hers
She twirls and turns and flirts in skirts so bad it hurts
It irked me, it made me mad at first
I lashed out in my songs, but what was really going on
Was that I had developed a crush
I just didn't know how to tell it to her
Should I cut off one of my ears and mail it to her? 
Send her pictures of my collection of skeletons, or
Footage of me impaling myself on an elephant tusk? 
We'll settle this once and for all, I'mma tell her at dusk
Tonight, tonight is the night, and tell her I must
Creep up to her mansion in stilettos, and just
Climb the gate, and ring the bell, like 
Hello, my love
I just picked your prescription for Seroquel up
Now would you like to share a pill or two wit' me? 
I'll share my Valium with you'cause I'm feeling you, Britney
I'll trade you a blue one for a pink one
Ever since a schoolgirl juvenile delinquent
I've been feeling you, ooh-ooh, girl, you sexy little gal, you
Hold that pill any longer, it'll get sentimental value
C'mon, toots, give me the Valium alley-oop
I'll slam dunk it in your mouth'til you puke
And just as soon as you pass out in your alphabet soup
I'm'bout to make a new outfit out of you
New outfit? Shit, I'll make a suit out of you, shoot
Now show me how you move, baby, do how a-you do
Yeah baby, do that dance
I's the last dance you'll ever get the chance to do
Girl, shake that ass
You ain't never gonna break that glass
That windshield's too strong for you
I said, yeah baby, sing that song
I's the last song you'll ever get the chance to sing
You sexy little thing
Show me what you got, give it your all
Look at you bawl, why you crying to me? 
Same song and dance
Same kicking and screaming, same crying and sobbing
Same song and dance
Same begging and pleading, same yelling and bleeding
Same song and dance
Yeah
Same song and dance
I know
Same song and dance
Guess who? D'you miss me? 
Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus! 
When you walked through the door
It was clear to me 
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see 
You’re a rock star 
Everybody wants you 
Player, who can really blame you? 
We’re the ones who made you
Ahem, back by popular demand
Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can
You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand? 
How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand? 
Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands
Shady, man, no, don't massacre the fans! 
Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man
She stomped him, just ‘cause he asked to put his hands
On her massive gluteus maximus again
Squeeze it then squish it, then pass it to a friend
Can he come back as nasty as he can? 
Yes, he can-can; don't ask me this again
He does not mean to lesbian offend
But Lindsay, please come back to seeing men
Samantha's a 2; you're practically a 10
I know you want me, girl
In fact, I see you grin; now come in, girl! 
When you walked through the door
It was clear to me 
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see 
You’re a rock star 
Everybody wants you 
Player, who can really blame you? 
We’re the ones who made you
The enforcer, looking for more women to torture
Walk up to the cutest girl and charley-horse her
Sorry, Portia, but what's Ellen De
Generes
Have that I don't? Are you telling me tenderness? 
Well, I can be as gentle and as smooth as a gentleman
Give me my Ventolin inhaler, and two Xenadrine
And I'll invite Sarah Palin out to dinner then
Nail her, baby, say hello to my little friend! 
Brit, forget K-Fed, let's cut off the middleman
Forget him or you're gonna end up in the hospital again
And this time it won't be for the Ritalin binge
Forget them other men, girl, pay them little attention
And little did I mention that Jennifer's in
Love with me, John Mayer, so sit on the bench
Man, I swear them other guys, you give'em an inch
They take a mile; they got style, but it isn't Slim's
When you walked through the door
It was clear to me 
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see 
You’re a rock star 
Everybody wants you 
Player, who can really blame you? 
We’re the ones who made you
And that's why, my love, you'll never live without
I know you want me, girl,'cause I can see you're checking me out
And baby, you know, you know you want me too
Don't try to deny it, baby, I'm the only one for you 
Damn, girl, I'm beginning to sprout an Alfalfa
Why should I wash my filthy mouth out? 
You think that's bad, you should hear the rest of my album
Never has there been such finesse and nostalgia
Man, Cash, I don't mean to mess with your gal, but
Jessica Alba put her breasts on my mouth 
Wowzers! I just made a mess in my trousers
And they wonder why I keep dressing like Elvis
Lord, help us, he's back in his pink Alf shirt
Looking like someone shrinked his outfit! 
I think he's'bout to flip, Jessica
Rest assured Superman's here to rescue ya
Can you blame me? You're my Amy, I'm your Blake
Matter of fact, bake me a birthday cake
With a saw blade in it to make my jailbreak
Baby, I think you just met your soulmate
Now break it down, girl
When you walked through the door
It was clear to me 
You’re the one they adore
Who they came to see 
You’re a rock star 
Everybody wants you 
Player, who can really blame you? 
We’re the ones who made you
So baby
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, get down
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, down down
Baby get down, get down
Oh Amy! Rehab never looked so good! 
I can't wait, I'm going back
Ha ha, woo! 
Dr. Dre! 2020! 
Yeah!
Oh my goodness, what have I done? 
Oh no, I can't believe it
I's like I've got the whole world in my palm
And I'm ready to drop bombs
Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca, Rebecca
I's the village in New York right next to the Tribeca
That's my sector, homosexual dissector
Come again, rewind selector
I said, nice rectum, I had a vasectomy Hector
So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya
Hannibal Lecter into guy sex, and I bet ya
I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya
They say once bitten and twice shy, well, lie next to the guy
With nine ecstasy pills and five extra
Boxes of ribbed condoms in quantities, why yessir
I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser
That's my kind of vibe, what else should I try, Lester? 
Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester
Perform the home abortion with Dexter
Then I guess I'll dig her fetus out with a wire hanger
Then digest her
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
All my Westside bitches throw it up
Put a balloon inside your pussy, queef, and blow it up
Man, I think that he just fell off the deep end, sure enough
So you better change the station to keep from throwing up
Man, you seen it all before, you're all too familiar with it
There's a penis on the floor and two balls, so you know who did it
You know you with it, girl, don't front, oh no you didn't
I won't rape all the Pussycat Dolls? Nicole, you kiddin'? 
I'll pee on Rihanna, see, man, I do what I wanna
Spray perfume in the sauna room, crazy-gluing Madonna
To the La-Z-Boy sofa, fold her in two, then sit on her
Imagine a visual for that, man, who would've thought I
Could ever be such a relentless prick, unleashing his vengeance
But the chick's so old, she looks like she outlived a life sentence
I never meant this rhyme to be so offensive
If you weren't so defensive, it wouldn't be, you're so sensitive
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
Put Christopher Reeves on a unicycle with a kickstand
Kick it up and push him and lead him right into quicksand
Here, you need a hand, big man? 
Grab hold of this branch with both hands
Man, they don't understand, I'm just a sick man
Now everybody's pissed at me, like it's my fault
This name rhymes with so many different words, jeez
So one last time, Mr. Christopher Reeves
Won't you break it down for me and just spit the verse, please? 
Eminem, I'm coming to kill you 
Always hated you, and I still do
You'll never fill my shoes, my Superman costume 
Doesn't even fit you, they don't feel you
You're taking this shit too far 
Who do you think you are? Hang my suit up in the armoire
Every day I hate you more and more
Throw down the cardboard
Let's breakdance if you think you're hardcore
I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
The world is just my medicine ball you're all in
I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again
Let's begin, now hand me the pen
How should I begin it and where does it all end? 
My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends
The world is mine
Em? I's Paul
Ah, I just listened to the entire album
You gotta be fucking kidding me
I mean with this Christopher Reeves shit? 
You know the guy's dead, right? 
And then the whole gay stepfather incest rape thing? 
I don't have your back on this one
I can't even fuckin' handle it, I'm done
Yo, yo, follow me
Come with me to the dark side of the force
No man would boldly go to this place
The devil only knows of this world
So dark and oh so cold, it's oh so cold
Oh so cold, oh
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on–ly some will go
But none return, when will they learn? 
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake
Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta
I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December
I see my target, put my car in park and approach a tender
Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her
Sit down beside her like a spider, hi there, girl, you mighta
Heard of me before, see, whore
You're the kind of girl that I'd a–ssault and rape
Then figure why not try to make your pussy wider
Fuck you with an umbrella
Then open it up while the shit's inside ya
I'm the kind of guy that's mild
But I might flip and get a little bit wilder
Impregnate a lesbian, yeah
Now let's see her have triplets, and I'll di–sintegrate them babies
As soon as they're out her with formalde–hyde and cyanide
Girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder
No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun outta
Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the
Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh
Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull
My knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on–ly some will go
But none return, when will they learn? 
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake
So dark and so cold, my friends don't know this other side of me
There's a monster inside of me, it's quite ugly and it frightens me
But they can't see what I can see, there's a vacancy in my tummy
I's making me play hide-and-seek like Jason, I'm so hungry
She's naked, see, no privacy but I can see she wants me
So patient, see, I try to be but gee, why does she taunt me? 
Pulls the drapes and she goes right to sleep
And I creep right through the front, see
So blatantly, but silently'cause I know that she's sound'sleep
Who's waking me so violently, and why's he on top of me? 
He's raping me,  she tries to scream
Somebody please get him off me
He's taping me, he's biting me, he's laughing like it's funny
She's scraping me, she's fighting me
She's scratching like some dumb freak
Escaping me, no dice, you see, I might just be Ted Bundy
Or Satan, gee, what a sight to see, I'm dancing in my red panties
I'm crazy, but it's alright with me, man, life can be so empty
Stay away from me'cause I'm dancing
To quite a different drum beat
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on–ly some will go
But none return, when will they learn? 
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake
Better try to stay wide awake
Or you might end up found dead by the lake
Soon as you lay me down to sleep
Bitch, your soul I'mma try to take
Pray for light of day right away
Why do they try to fight today? 
I must make them pay twice as much
Might as well put the knife away
Now I use power tools, how'bout now, are you in the shower? 
Scour you for six hours'til outage of power outlets
How did you figure out I was down in your basement? Now ya
Must've just heard the sound of my stomach
Growling from down there
Prowler, there's no one fouler
Bound ya, that's how they found ya
Face down in the tub, I drown ya
With piles of downers around ya
Such nostalgia and power, such prowess, look how you cower
Jump out on you now like I was a Jawa from fuckin' Star Wars
Jabba the Hutt, beddy-bye-bye
Beddy-bye-bye, it's time to die-die
Ought to not even bother to scream, it don't even matter
Amazing when grazing skin with these razor blades he waves at ya
Not ya everyday Damien, bathe me in holy water
Nothing like Son of Sam so please understand
There's no gun in hand
Where's the thrill in the hunt? 
There's no fun in that, here I come with axe
Fun to act like lumberjack when I'm hacking'em up with that
What was that? Dial 9-1-1, someone's coming in from the back
Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart
Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't
Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? 
Girl, you think you're so smart
Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark
A world so dark, a world so cold
A world where on–ly some will go
But none return, when will they learn? 
Where do they go? God only knows
Stay wide awake
Good evening
This is your fucking captain speaking
We will soon be reaching an altitude of
Four million and a half feet
That's eight million miles in the sky
Please, undo your seat belt for takeoff
You are now free to smoke about the cabin
I'm Dre, from back in the day
From N.W.A, from black and the gray
From choking a bitch, to smacking her face
From stacking up bodies, to racking AKs up
From racking up hits, to stacking them crates up
I'm still hungry, and I'm back with a tapeworm
And we're what's happenin' in rap entertainment
Me and Shady, as far as competition, faggot, there ain't none
Speak of the Devil, it's attack of the Rain Man
Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron
Soon as the blade spun, vrrunn, they run away from
Who wanna play dungeon? No one is safe from
In search of a brain surgeon, a great one
Wait, it ain't funny, man, it's urgent, I need one
Two boxes of detergent in a paint gun
And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
Smoke signal in the sky like Verizon Wireless
A nice environment
Surprised entirely, hypnotized by the sound
I surround the hydrants, taking lives of firemen
Say goodbye, here I am again, naked wives and Vicodin
Before I begin to get so high, pussy boy, I could spin
Vinn-vinn, fuck the handle, I fly off the hinge
Let that boy off the bench, coach, and throw it to him
There he goes in his trench coat, no clothes again
Baby, make us some french toast and show us some skin
I'll show you every inch grows on my foreskin
Show me nipple, I pinch both, and throw up a ten
Now you know it's a sin to tease, blow us again
The sorcerer of intercourse; if it's forced, it's him
Don't fight the feeling if you're feeling the force within
And when you wake up in the morning next to the porcelain
So one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
Now where there's smoke, there's fire
Where there's fire, there's flames
Where there's flames, there's chronic
Either you high or you ain't
I got no time for no games
Nuh-uh, he ain't playin'
He's gon' get the AK and aim it right at your brain
I'm slightly insane, vodka and creatine
Hpnotiq and Red Bull, it's an incredible energy drink
And it's given me wings, I believe I can fly
While I pee on a girl, you won't catch me CSI
I's as easy as pie, and as simple as cake
Dre, get on the mic and make'em tremble and shake
Now put your smoke up in the air, raise your Henny and Coke
And if you really wanna get fucked up, just let me know
We can smoke'til there's no more lighter fluid to do it
Let's get into it, you're smokin' with the triedest and truest
I got the Midas touch when it comes to rollin' shit up
You motherfuckers ain't smokin', you just holdin' shit up
Now here we go, let's get up, get down, hold up a blunt
I smoke the kinda stuff that make the records go number one
'Cause if at first you don't succeed
Won't hurt to smoke some weed
Now them words are just a little more personal for me
Seeing as how I blew up off of puffing them trees
Well smoke enough for me, fuck yeah, light it up Cheech
Come on, smoke me out cuz, give me contact buzz
Get me on track, they love me when I'm on that stuff
But this is Earth calling Shady, man, come on back – What? 
Man, we're losing him, he won't even respond back, fuck! 
Now look at all the pretty women in here 
Dre, it's hot, I think we better go check on their temperatures
I'll get the thermometer, you get the bandages
Now baby, just bend over, this won't hurt a damn bit, just —
Give me one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just blow a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
I said, one more time for old time's sake
Dre, drop that beat and scratch that break
Now just send a little bit of that smoke my way
And let's go 
Yeah, ohh, yeah yeah, ohh
I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing
I smell something in the air that's making me 
I said, I smell something in the air that's making me high
Okay, here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, fa-so-la-ti-da-so
Lyrical rascal, kick back the Tabasco
You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so
Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos
Picasso with a pick axe, a sick asshole
Tic-tac-toe comes with six-pack with Exacto
Knives, strangling wives with thick lasso
Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so
You know how that go, skull and the crossbones
This is poison to boys and girls who do not know
You do not want to try this at home, my lil' vato
This is neither the time nor the place to get macho
So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos
Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow
I's not what you expected, not what you thought, so
'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
Your dreams are getting fulfilled
Ooh, I'm literally getting a chill, spitting at will
Me and Dre have just finished splitting a pill
You're submitting to skill, sitting still
I'm admitting I'm beginning to feel like I don't think anyone's real
Faced with a dilemma: I can be Dalai Lama
And be calm or bring drama, a step beyond of Jeffrey Dahmer
Please don't upset me, mama, you're looking sexy, mama
Don't know if it's the lala or the rum and Pepsi, mama
Don't wanna end up inside my refrigerator freezer
Be used as extra topping the next time I make a pizza
How many people you know
Who can name every serial killer who ever existed in a row? 
Put'em in chronological order, beginning with Jack the Ripper
Name the time and place; from the body, the bag, the zipper
Location of the woods
Where the body was dragged and then dumped
The trunk that they were stuffed in, the model, the make, the plate
And which model, which lake they found her in
How they attacked the victim
Say which murder weapon was used to do what in which one
Which knife and which gun, hat kid, what wife, and which nun
Don't stop, I like this, it's fun, the fucking night's just begun
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
When I'm behind the mic, dynamite's what it's kinda like
You're stuck with the same stick that you're tryna light
Behind the board sits Dre, legends are made this way
Isn't it safe to say this is the way it should be? 
Maybe you need some lyric syrup serum for your symptoms
Here's a dosage of the antidote, now you give him some
He can give her some, she can give them some
Get behind a Linn
Drum
Make up a beat and kill the sucker syndrome
The spinning drum when it comes to lyrics and penning some
Starting from scratch and then ending up at the ending of
Capable of winning a Pulitzer
So unbelievable, it's a titanium cranium that's full of sur–
–prises when the smoke rises right before your very own eyes
You stare into your stereos 
Good evening, this isn't even a weed thing
I ain't even smoke anything, I ain't even drinking
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana
That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high
Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me
Whatever's got into me, I don't mind
Mr. Mathers? 
Mr. Mathers! 
Mr. Mathers...
Mr. Mathers, can you hear my voice? 
Okay, he's not responding
I'm gonna need an 18 gauge, left AC, right away
Uh, BP is 90 over palp, respiration's at 8
Okay, I'm tubing him
DMC, this is medic 41
Medic 41, this is DMC base, MIC. I'm Betty, go ahead
He's cold, spike a bag and grab the backboard
Okay, got it; on 3... 1, 2
Let's move
DMC, we have a mid-thirties male found down, unresponsive
Possible overdose, substance unknown
Pulse is 60 and thready, respiration's eight
He's intubated and we're bagging him now
Uh, BP 90 over palp, patient is cool, pale, and diaphoretic
Has aspirated, uh, GSC is 3
Will update en route, ETA ten minutes
As I fall deeper into a manic state
I'm a prime candidate for the gene to receive the drug addict trait
Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate
I seem to gravitate to the bottle of Ny
Quil then I salivate
Start off with the Ny
Quil, like, I think I'll just have a taste
Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate
To a harder prescription drug called Valium, like, yeah that's great
I go to just take one and I end up like having eight
Now I need something in my stomach'cause I haven't ate
Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak
And you'd think that with all I have at stake
Look at my daughter's face
Mommy, something is wrong with Dad I think
He's acting weird again, he's really beginning to scare me
Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me
And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos
And he just fell asleep in his car eating
3 Musketeers in the rear seat
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know
Maybe just a nice cold brew, what's a beer? 
That's the devil in my ear, I've been sober a fuckin' year
And that fucker still talks to me, he's all I can fucking hear
Marshall, come on, we'll watch the game
I's the Cowboys and Buccaneers
And maybe if I just drink half
I'll be half-buzzed, for half of the time
Who's the mastermind behind that little line? 
With that kind of rationale, man, I got half a mind
To have another half a glass of wine
Sounds asinine, yeah, I know
But I never had no problem with alcohol
Ouch, look out for the wall, aim for the couch, I'm'bout to fall
I miss the couch and down I go, lookin' like a bouncy ball
Shit must've knocked me out'cause I ain't feel the ground at all
Wow, what the fuck happened last night? Where am I? 
Man, fuck am I hungover, and goddamn, I
Got a headache, shit, half a Vicodin, why can't I? 
All systems ready for take off, please stand by
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know
So I take a Vicodin, splash, it hits my stomach, then 
Ahhh
Couple of weeks go by it ain't even like I'm gettin' high
Now I need it just not to feel sick, yeah, I'm gettin' by
Wouldn't even be taking this shit if De
Shaun didn't die
Oh yeah, there's an excuse; you lose Proof so you use
There's new rules, it's cool if it's helpin' you to get through
I's twelve noon, ain't no harm in self-inducin' a snooze
What else is new? Fuck it, what would Elvis do in your shoes? 
Now here I am three months later, full-blown relapse
Just get high until the kids get home from school, homes, relax
And since I'm convinced that I'm an insomniac
I need these pills to be able to sleep, so I take three naps
Just to be able to function throughout the day, let's see
That's an Ambien each nap, how many Valium? Three
And that will average out to about one good hour's sleep
Okay, so now ya see the reason how come he
Has taken four years to just put out an album, B
See, me and you, we almost had the same outcome, Heath
'Cause that Christmas, you know the whole pneumonia thing? 
It was bologna, was it the methadone, ya think? 
Or the hydrocodone you hide inside your pornos? 
Your VCR tape cases, with your Ambien CR
Great places to hide'em, ain't it? So you can lie to Hailie
I'm going beddy-bye, Whitney, baby, good night, Alaina! 
Go in the room and shut the bedroom door
And wake up in an ambulance
They said they found me on the bathroom floor, damn
Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know
Feels like I been down this road before
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes over me
As soon as I go home and close the door
Kinda feels like déjà vu
I wanna get away from this place, I do
But I can't and I won't, say I try, but I know that's a lie
'Cause I don't and why, I just don't know
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? 
Are you reaching out for me? And I'm reaching out for you
I'm just so fuckin' depressed
I just can't seem to get out this slump
If I could just get over this hump
But I need somethin' to pull me out this dump
I took my bruises, took my lumps
Fell down and I got right back up
But I need that spark to get psyched back up
In order for me to pick the mic back up
I don't know how or why or when
I ended up in this position I'm in
I'm starting to feel distant again
So I decided just to pick this pen
Up and try to make an attempt to vent
But I just can't admit or come to grips with the fact
That I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet
And I know some shit's so hard to swallow
But I just can't sit back and wallow
In my own sorrow, but I know one fact:
I'll be one tough act to follow, one tough act to follow
I'll be one tough act to follow
Here today, gone tomorrow
But you'd have to walk a thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find, look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
I think I'm starting to lose my sense of humor
Everything's so tense and gloom
I almost feel like I gotta check the temperature
Of the room, just as soon as
I walk in, it's like all eyes on me
So I try to avoid any eye contact
‘Cause if I do that, then it opens a door
For conversation, like I want that
I'm not lookin' for extra attention
I just wanna be just like you
Blend in with the rest of the room
Maybe just point me to the closest restroom
I don't need no fuckin' man-servant
Tryna follow me around and wipe my ass
Laugh at every single joke I crack
And half of'em ain't even funny, like, 
Ha! 
Marshall, you're so funny, man
You should be a comedian, goddamn! 
Unfortunately I am
I just hide behind the tears of a clown
So why don't you all sit down? 
Listen to the tale I'm about to tell
Hell, we don't gotta trade our shoes
And you ain't gotta walk no thousand miles
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find, look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Nobody asked for life to deal us
With these bullshit hands we're dealt
We gotta take these cards ourselves
And flip'em, don't expect no help
Now, I could've either just sat on my ass
And pissed and moaned
Or take this situation in which I'm placed in
And get up and get my own
I was never the type of kid
To wait by the door and pack his bags
And sat on the porch and hoped and prayed
For a dad to show up who never did
I just wanted to fit in in every single place
Every school I went, I dreamed of being that cool kid
Even if it meant acting stupid
Aunt Edna always told me:
Keep making that face, it'll get stuck like that
Meanwhile, I'm just standin' there
Holdin' my tongue, tryin' to talk *like this*
'Til I stuck my tongue on that frozen stop sign pole
At eight years old; I learned my lesson then
‘Cause I wasn't tryin' to impress my friends no mo'
But I already told you my whole life story
Not just based on my description
‘Cause where you see it from, where you're sittin'
I's probably 110% different
I guess we would have to walk a mile
In each other's shoes at least
What size you wear? I wear 10s
Let's see if you can fit your feet
In my shoes, just to see what it's like to be me
I'll be you, let's trade shoes, just to see what it'd be like to
Feel your pain, you feel mine, go inside each other's minds
Just to see what we find, look at shit through each other's eyes
But don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Don't let'em say you ain't beautiful
They can all get fucked, just stay true to you
Lately I've been hard to reach, I've been too long on my own
Everybody has a private world where they can be alone
Are you calling me? Are you trying to get through? 
Are you reaching out for me? And I'm reaching out for you
Yeah, to my babies: stay strong
Daddy'll be home soon
And to the rest of the world
God gave you them shoes to fit you
So put'em on and wear'em
Be yourself, man, be proud of who you are
Even if it sounds corny
Never let no one tell you you ain't beautiful
Oh! Ladies and gentlemen
The moment you've all been waiting for
In this corner, weighing 175 pounds
With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders
The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world
Slim Shady! 
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh oh, uh oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of them got clothes
Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust
I's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk
Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust
Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus
Kiss my butt, lick fromunda cheese from under my nuts
It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks
I's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed
Bitches lust, man, they love me when I lay in the cut
Fisticuffs, the lady give her eighty-some paper cuts
Now picture us; it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought
'Cause when I spit the verse, the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce
If I could fit the words as picture perfect, works every time
Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes
I's elementary, the elephants have entered the room
I venture to say we're the center of attention, it's true
Not to mention back with a vengeance, so here's the signal
Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh oh, uh oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of them got clothes
Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust
I's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
They see that low rider go by, they're like, 
Oh, my! 
You ain't got to tell me why you're sick,'cause I know why
I dip through in that six tre, like, 
Sick'em, Dre! 
I'm an itch that they can't scratch, they're sick of me
But hey, what else can I say? I love L.A
‘Cause over and above all, it's just another day
And this one begins where the last one ends
Pick up where we left off and get smashed again
I'll be damned, just fucked around and crashed my Benz
Drivin''round with a smashed front end, let's cash that one in
Grab another one from out the stable
The Monte Carlo, El Camino, or the El Dorado? 
The hell if I know, do I want leather seats or vinyl? 
Decisions, decisions; garage looks like Precision Collision
Or Maaco, beats quake like Waco
Just keep the bass low, speakers away from your face though
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh oh, uh oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of them got clothes
Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust
I's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
And I take great pleasure in introducing 50 Cent! 
I's bottle after bottle
The money ain't a thing when you party with me
I's what we into, it's simple
We ball out of control like you wouldn't believe
I'm the napalm, the bomb, the don, I'm King Kong
Get rolled on, wrapped up and reigned on
I'm so calm, through Vietnam, ring the alarm
Bring the Chandon, burn marijuana, do what you want
Nigga, on and on,'til the break of what? 
Get the paper, man, I'm cakin', you know I don't give a fuck
I spend it like it don't mean nothin'
Blow it like it's supposed to be blown, motherfucker, I'm grown
I stunt, I style, I flash the shit
I gets what the fuck I want, so what I trick? 
Fat-ass Birkin bags, some classy shit
Jimmy Choo shoes; I say 
Move,  a bitch move
So crack a bottle, let your body waddle
Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto
Uh oh, uh oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe
Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of them got clothes
Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? 
I noticed there's so many of them and there's really not that many of us
And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust
I's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk
Mr. Berman? 
What? 
We have Eminem here to see you
About fuckin' time! Send him in
Steve! Good to see ya, man. Um, hey, I just w–
Well, look who decided to show his face! 
I hope you've had fun in the last four years
Look man, I apologize again for–
For shooting me? ! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm? 
Again, it was a mistake, a terrible mist–
Are you wearing a bulletproof vest? 
And then you go and do what? Hide out? 
Stay in Detroit for almost five years
While the music industry melts the fuck down? 
Do you know how many people lost their jobs
Because of your fuckin' vacation? 
Well, that's actually why I'm here
I was gonna put out some new music
And I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion
Do I really need to hear it? 
Let me guess, another album about: 
Poor me! 
I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life
And I'm such a tortured artist, let me make music about it
And my tragic love life!  Am I on to something here? 
Come on, man, it's not like that
You know what? Just hand the fuckin' thing over! 
I'm done talkin to you! 
Think you can just come and go as you please
Big selfish superstar? 
Steve, I had a drug problem! 
Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem! 
Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? 
You know what? 
Hey! hey! 
Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out! 
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Jesus Christ, man
Alright, alright, here, fine
What's this shit? Two CDs? 
That's what I've been tryin' to tell you, man, there's two albums
Just get out! 
Alright! 
Get the fuck out! 
Alright, man, see you later
A lot of people ask me
Where the fuck I've been at the last few years
Shit, I don't know
But I do know I'm back now
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up! 
Broken tibias, fibias, yeah, fix me up
Sixty sluts, all of them dyin' from asphyxia
After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup
Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy pads
Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab
Wack job in the back in a black stocking cap
Jackin' off to a hockey mask at a boxing match
 Yes, he can
I just did, faggot, now guess again
Better text message your next-of-kin
Tell'em shit's about to get extra messy
Especially when I flex again
And throw a fuckin' lesbian in wet cement
Faggoty, faggoty, faggoty! Raggedy Ann and Andy
No! Raggedy Andy and Andy
No, it can't be, it can't be—yes, it can be
The fuckin' Anti-Christ is back, Dante
I's Satan in black satin panties
This is Amityville, calamity, goddamn it
Insanity, pills, fanny pack filled with Xannies
Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies
Milk and cookies spilled on my silk négligée, looky
Razor-ba-lades with me to make you ba-leed
Cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed
Slim Shady? Shit sounds like a fable to me
'Til he jumps out of the fuckin' toilet when you're takin' a pee
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Six semen samples, seventeen strands of hair
Found in the back of a van after the shoot with Vanity Fair
Hannah Montana, prepare to elope with a can opener
And be cut open like cantaloupe on canopy beds
And Glad bags, yeah, glad to be back
'Cause last year was a tragedy rhat landed me smack-dab in rehab
Fuckin' doctor, I ain't understand a damn word he said
I planned to relapse the second I walked out of that bitch
Two weeks in Brighton, I ain't enlightened
Bitin' into a fuckin' Vicodin like I'm a Viking
Oh, lightning is strikin', it might be a fuckin' sign I need a psychic
Evaluation, fuck Jason, it's Friday the 19th
That means it's just a regular day 
And this is the kind of shit I think of regularly
Fuckin' lesbian shouldn't have had her legs in the way
Now she's pregnant and gay, missin' both legs and beggin' to stay
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Tell the critics I'm back and I'm comin' to spit it back in abundance
Hit a fag with onions, then split a bag of Funyuns
Mad at me? Understandable, cannibal, shoot an animal
Out of a cannon and have'em catapult at an adult
Captain of a cult with an elite following
To turn Halloween back into a trick-or-treat holiday
Have Michael Myers lookin' like a liar, swipe his powers
Replace his knife with flowers and a stack of fliers
Hit Jason Vorhees with a 40; stuck a suppository
Up his ass, and made him tell me a story
Gave Hannibal Lector a fuckin' nectarine
And sat him in the fuckin' fruit and vegetable section
And gave him a lecture
Walked up Elm Street with a fuckin' Wiffle bat drew
Fought Freddy Krueger and Edward Scissorhands too
And came out with a little scratch, ooh
Lookin' like I got in a fuckin' pillow fight with a Triple F.A.T. goose
Insanity, can it be vanity? 
Where's the humanity in having a twisted fantasy
With an arm-and-leg amputee? 
Straitjacket with a hundred and eight brackets
And a strap that wraps twice around my back
Then they latch it; cut your fuckin' head off
And ask where you're headed off to
Get it? Headed off to? Medic, this headache's awful! 
This anesthetic's pathetic, so is this diabetic waffle
And this prosthetic arm keeps crushin' my hard taco
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
Here comes the rain and thunder now
Nowhere to run, to run to now
I disappeared, don't wonder how
Lookin' for me? I'm underground
So, it wasn't a choice, it was 
I had to do this
And now I got 90 days clean
And uh, that's all I have to share, thanks
Yeah, I got something to share:
When you walked through the door you were queer to me
So come here, baby boy, just come here to me
You're a cock-boy, everybody wants you
You're gayer than you would ever claim to
I won't have to rape you
So, homie, lay down, down, down
Lay down, down, down
Lay down, down, down, lay down, lay down
Where's everybody going? 
This always went over real big in Gay-A
Okay, wait, I got another one
I just love condoms and lots of cum
No? Well, shit!
Yeah, look, if I woulda rapped about the crap that's out
That's the route you probably want me to take
‘Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think
Hear my take on some other rappers
If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall
You'd probably crap in your pants, ‘cause I'm white and he's white
So he's like my competition, I mean, right? 
Nope! Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba
So b-b-b-b-b-b, but I don't compete with nobody
I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle
And dance around my opponents, do donuts
Sometimes I play possum like I'm asleep, it's awesome
I'm like a sleepin' giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre
I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey
And sink my teeth in'em and fill'em
Full of poison, and make a noise like a snake before I kill'em
And let'em know that I just don't feel'em
And smack'em with the backward E on the Eminem emblem
I was taught, if you gonna murder somebody you should face him
Tell him why, look him dead in the eye, then waste him
And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell
Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell
In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls
For this rap game and it g-g-goes
One-two-three, chk-chk, one-two-three
Chk-chk, one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me
There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me
Everybody bores me, they're just so corny
So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror
The mirror grows lips and it whispers: 
Come nearer! 
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
Shady, I know you're in there somewhere, come here! 
Talk to me, sit! Here, pull up a chair! 
Why don't you cut your hair? 
Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Dye it back, come on, try it! 
Ahh, no! I told you, leave me the fuck alone, will you? 
But I'm here to rebuild you,  – but I already killed you! 
But Shady, we were meant for each other
Think about your mother,  — yeah, so what of her? 
You think about what she did to you and your little brother
All them foster homes,  — fuck you, motherfucker! 
I had you beat! — 
No, I was playin' possum
Remember? I let you watch your little girls blossom
I gave you enough time, your soul's mine
I'm taking it back,  — you fuckin' bitch, why? ! 
Because I love you, look a little closer
Isn't that us on that poster? Ha ha ha ha! 
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you, no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
Shady, listen!  You hear that? 
They're screaming for you, I can bring your career back! 
But I don't want it back — 
Yes, you do,  — no, I don't
Yes, you do! You're gonna regret it later,  — no, I won't
I'ma get Dre on the phone, I'll just call the Doctor.
Go ahead, I already talked to Dre yesterday
Well, I got him on the phone right now! 
 You're lying!  How, why now? 
What up, Dre? 
But Dre, all that Shady is, is a bottle of hair bleach and vodka
 — fuck this mirror! 
 I'm not in the mirror, I'm inside you
Let me guide you,  — fuck you! Die, you son of a bitch! 
Put the gun down!  — bye-bye! *Boom! *
Okay, I'm still alive, — 
So am I too! 
You can't kill a spirit even if you tried to
Ha ha, you sold your soul to me, need I remind you? 
You remember that night you prayed to God
You'd give anything to get a record deal? Well, Dre signed you
This is what you wanted your whole life, Marshall, right? Ooh
Look at this house, look at these cars: they're so nice, woo! 
Oh, but you didn't know fame has a price too? 
That you just now seeing the downside to
Lose your best friend from high school, your wife too
Ain't even sure if your kids like you
Come off tour, can't even sleep at night without Ny
Quil
Become a Valium addict, start a rehab cycle
But together we can break the cycle
Marshall… — what? ! — 
No one's gonna love you like I do.
My darling, I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
I don't ever want you to leave me, my darling
You and me were meant to be together, my darling
And if I cannot have you no one can, you're my darling
‘Cause I possess your soul, your mind, your heart and your body
Breaking news
Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour
To check himself into rehab
After admitting an addiction to sleep medication
We'll have more on this story as it develops
Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice
Has apparently survived a gunshot to the head
In what appears to be a random drive-by shooting
Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be alienated
On again/off again relationship with...
This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's bus...
Updating a story we brought you earlier
About gunfire at an after-hours club
We've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot.
Shady/Aftermath recording artist...
Long-time best friend of Eminem
And a member of the rap group D12
D12, back in the news again today...
Is it a sabbatical or the end? 
The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem
He insists he's just taking a break
But doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask
'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? '
So this is it, this is what I wished for
Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment
I just thought the shit'd be different
But something changed the minute that I got a whiff of it
I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffing it
And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit
I just wanted a little bit then it turned me to a monster
I became a hypocrite, concert after concert
I was raking in the dough, rolling in green
Had the game hemmed up, like a sewing machine
But I was losing my freedom, there was nowhere for me
To not go and be seen, and just go and be me
And there was no in-between, you either loved it or hate it
Every CD critics gave it a 3 then three
Years later they go back and re-rate it
Then called The Slim Shady LP the greatest
The Marshall Mathers was a classic
The Eminem Show was fantastic
But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it
I guess enough time just ain't passed yet
A couple more years, that shit'll be Illmatic
And eight years later I'm still at it
Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleeping pill addict
And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk
My back has been broke and I can still walk
So be careful what you wish for,'cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it
'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold
I said be careful what you wish for,'cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it
'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold
I got a letter from a fan that said, he's been praying for me
Every day and for some reason
I's been weighing on my mind heavy
Cause I don't read every, letter I get
But something told me to go ahead and open it
But, why would someone pray for you
When they don't know you? 
You didn't pray for me when I was local
And as I lay these vocals, I think of all the shit I had to go through
Just to get to where I'm at, I've already told you
At least, a thousand times in these rhymes
I appreciate the prayer but I've already got God on my side
And it's been one hell of a ride, hasn't it? 
Just watching it from a opposite standpoint
Man, boy's got to look
Nuts, and that's the only word I can think of
Right now, on how to describe the shit
This is like a vibe you get, go ahead and bop to it
Just watch what you wish for'cause I got the shit
So be careful what you wish for,'cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it
'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold
I said be careful what you wish for,'cause you just might get it
And if you get it, then you just might not know what to do with it
'Cause it might just come back on you ten-fold
Like the fire needs the air
I won't burn unless you're there, you're there
Oooh I need you
Yea, I need you, I need you to hate
So I can use you for your energy
You know, it's real shit, feel this
America got a thing for this gangster shit, they love me
Black Chukkas, black skully, leather Pelle Pelle
I tag SPIT over Ramo's shit, I'm a vandal
Got that silver duct tape on my trey-eight handle
The women in my life bring confusion and shit
So like Nino in 
New Jack,  I holla 
Cancel that bitch! 
Look at me, this is the life I chose
Niggas around me so cold, man my heart done froze
I built an empire on the low, the narc's don't know
I'm the weatherman, I take that cocoa leaf and make that snow
Sit back, watch it turn to dope, watch it go out the do'
O after O, you know? 
Homie, I'm just triple beam, dreaming, niggas be scheming
I fiend to live the good life, the fiends are just fiending
Conceal my weapon nice and neat so you can't see
The penitentiary is definitely out the question for me
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
Nigga, you get in my way while I'm trying to get mine
And I'll buck you 
I don't care who you run with, or where you from
Nigga, fuck you 
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
I don't know shit about gymnastics, I somersault bricks
And black talons start flying when a nigga flip
I cook crack in the microwave, niggas can't fuck with me
Man my co-d's call me Chef Boyar-50
Check my logic, smokers don't like seeds in they weed, shit
Send me them seeds, I'll grow them what they need
Them ain't Chia pet plants in the crib, that's chronic
And I'm selling them for 500 a pop, goddamn it
I sell anything I'm a hustler, I know how to grind
Step on grapes, put it in water and tell you it's wine
If you analyze me, what you will find
Is the DNA of a crook and what goes on in my mind
Is contagious, hypnotic, it sounds melodic
If rap was the block or a spot, I'd be that potent product
Now get a load of me, flashy, far from low key
And you can locate me wherever that dope be
Getting money man
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
Nigga, you get in my way while I'm trying to get mine
And I'll buck you 
I don't care who you run with, or where you from
Nigga, fuck you 
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
I's the Hustler's Ambition, close your eyes, listen see my vision
Mossberg pumping, shotgun dumping
The drama means nothing, it's part of the game
Catch me in the coupe switching lanes or in the jeweler switching chains
I upgrade from dirty 
BS to clean VS
Rocks that I copped from proceeds from the spot
I got the energy to win, I'm full of adrenaline
Play the curb and get nauseous, watching the spinners spin
I made plans to make it, a prisoner of the state
Now I can invite your ass out to my estate
Them hollow tips bent me up, but I'm back in shape
Pour Cristal in the blender, make a protein shake
I'm like the East coast number one playboy B
Hugh Hefner'll tell you he ain't got shit on me
The feds watch me, icey, they can't stop me
Racist, pointing at me, 
Look at Niggaraci - hello
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
Nigga, you get in my way while I'm trying to get mine
And I'll buck you 
I don't care who you run with, or where you from
Nigga, fuck you 
I want the finer things in my life
So I hustle 
Yeah, I'm fuckin wit dis
I's that classic shit, that gangsta shit, yeah
Man I watched the sun go up but come down - sayin what if? 
Man I watched the tide roll in and roll out - sayin what if? 
Homey I play the block tryin to get my packs off - sayin what if? 
Man if I get a shot, I could make it to the top - damn what if? 
If I got on some pretty boy shit like Puffy
Niggas in the hood, man they just wouldn't love me
If I wore a suit every day like Jay-Z
Niggas would think I bump my fuckin head and went crazy
If I put diamonds in my teeth like Baby
I wouldn't stand a chance of tryin to sell like Shady
If I put out bullshit joints like AZ
Every chance niggas get, they'd try and play me
But I move around with a little 380
A nigga try to stunt, a nigga get sprayed B
If I smoked weed all day like Snoop do
I'd see the world different through my dilated pupils
If I bust dance moves on you like Usher
Niggas'll say 50 that ain't gangsta, fuck ya
Man I'mma just keep doin what I do
Cause niggas can't do me, better than I do, ha ha
What if I had blockbuster flicks like Will Smith? 
And all the backpack niggas loved me like Mos Def
I'd probably be a cool-ass nigga like Ice Cube
Picture me in this flick right now lookin so cool
What if I was a low-key nigga, just laid back? 
Hustle to keep a homey'round, somebody to hold the gat
Man what if Halle Berry was my next baby moms? 
Shit I'd give that child support up with no problems
If I caught a case and jumped bail I'd get caught
Cause I'm that nigga everybody know from New York
But if I was the new rap nigga you didn't know
You'd be sayin 
Damn that kid got a sick flow
What if I just cruised through your hood on 22's
Bumpin Curtis Mayfield or Marvin, somethin smooth
And if I let the top down on the Azure
Yeah that'd make you sick to your stomach I'm sure, ha ha
Nigga things, change, never stay the same
Now watch me come up, I hustle, I hustle even harder
I put that work in to win, no problem
All money ain't good money, this I know
But I still love hood money, I gets my dough
And as a youngster, a nigga went to so much church
And still turned out fucked up, I did so much dirt
Chose to bang the neighborhood, I put in so much work
Did a whole lot of time, caused mom so much hurt
On everythang, that boy wasn't gunned on purpose
Who knew that all my darkness was really gon' surface
I was stuck on that bullshit, just runnin the streets
Without some type of beef the week wasn't complete
I's like a nigga feel better after dumpin his heat
On feet, just to see that body slumped in the seat
Was like a whole nother rush to me, bustin was sweet
Now I'm smarter, I'm all about somethin to eat
I'm on the road, spend 30 days a month in a suite
But I'm still gon' hustle and cheat, let's go
Yeah, uhh, now walkin down the block without'cha weapon
Is a first class ticket to a lesson
I thirst cash, kick it to perfection, me and Ben got a connection
That's why I bring the Benz to impress him
Heart in my zone, all alone homes rattle in my bones
Cause he yappin off his lips and if I hit him I'll be wrong
Cause he ain't never gon' be shit, and I done worked so hard
But I will make you a corn on the cob, you'll be performin for God
Either that or rob you on your boulevard
Bet you never thought for a second niggas'd pull your card God
I'm on my job, scarred since my nigga gone
HP tatted on me so his memory lives on
Engagin in drama without your bomber'll
Be funeral arrangements for your mama
I learned that when I was in pajamas watchin Michael and Madonna
Now I got the appetite of a pirahna, nigga
What nobody knows, all the roads you go through
You can't even talk to those that supposedly know you
Some of the levels that these people'll go to for crumbs
Damn, tell me, is this what that dough do? 
That's when you find yourself talkin to Pro Tools
There's not too many that ever walked in the Loc shoes
Or tell the tale that my heart contains
I explain, so many different parts of pain
I'm clean, but still some marks remain
From the past, when that kush weed sparks the brain
The cash made some people start to change
I feel hate when I pulled up and parked the Range
Your damn right I got rich, but my heart the same
And practice makes perfect with the art of aim
You ain't really got the heart to bang
You ain't start to hang,'til you found out I caught the chain
There's nowhere to run to, when death becomes you
Some say your soul may burn in the flame
Can front if you want too, but niggas who merk you
Will come to your tombstone and piss on your grave
You a rider right? , down to ride tonight? 
Nigga you gone ride or you gone die tonight
Nigga cock the steele, it's kill or be killed
Nigga shit is real in the field
What's the procedures nigga, when you got a hammer in your mouth? 
Will you lay down and cry? Will you stand up and die? 
Like the man that I am 
I'm a legend in the town, now
Since your all gangstad up let's get the fuck down
Big Bill Danz and I'm reppin for buck town
Niggas see me dummin, I'm coming clutching the pound
Don't worry bout my whereabouts, we air'em out clear'em out 
The pressures on now, you need to get your hammers out 
You too tough nigga, you done wrap it up
Brownsville 
Fif put in the call, we ready to brawl with every one of you all 
You got these young niggas hollering' 
Copper tops on my block, like 
Niggas don't give a fuck
I seen a nigga shoot my moms
Right in front of my motherfucking face
See in the'Ville' ain't no such thing as a stray bullet
When your index finger on the trigger and you pull it
Slugs ain't never out of season
All you gotta do is give a motherfucker one reason
Blood stains on the cement
Same place he stood, that's were you leave em'
And don't back it out unless your squeezing off with your gun
Cause you gone get your punk ass robbed for your gun
You know the drill
I'm a give your ass 3 seconds to bounce
And you better not jog, nigga run
 Fuck that , Dumb bitch, rest in piss
 This is how we do it, when we do it
Like we just wanna tear the club up
We do it like ain't nuttin to it, the way we do it
Now e'rybody put your fuckin hands up - let's go
Hey! Go'head and have a party if you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and touch your body like you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
You heard about the kid, you know how I rock
Went from pumpin bags on the block, straight to the top
So the money ain't a thing now, yeah that's right
Mansion after mansion, next stop the Hamptons
I splurge with it, I'm so absurd with it
Got the hunger to go get it, cause I wan' go spend it
You know how a boss player play, nigga I'm ballin
If there's money to be made, I'm all in
Catch me in a cherry red Porsche, beige seats, red pipin
You want me to teach you how to stunt, aight then
Tattoos on the arm, 30 karats on the charm
Cause the flow be the bomb, learn to respect the Don
First night if I don't hit, second night I want some shit
Third night we call it quits, I ain't fuckin with the bitch
Success is my drug of choice, I'm high off life
Another move another mill', let's get right - aight? 
Hey! Go'head and have a party if you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and touch your body like you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
You could, catch me cockin the fifth, got me rockin with Fif'
Now that's why you see the keys to the Bent'
Got my niggas movin the bricks, it don't stop
And a million dollar deal, homey get that gwap
See dudes get comfy, money ain't long enough
Come spit one verse, my whole crib's coughed up
Ma I got a fetish, fuckin in them Porsche trucks
Curtis got one so when I finished I tossed her
Y'all into wifin, we don't condone lifin
Only fuck with bitches that, got they liquor license
Shop high prices, shook all vices
Infamous nigga got the game in a vice grip
Chain hundred K but the flow, is priceless
Anything less? We rollin them dices
Nuts in the sand if you ain't bumpin my shit
Shorty wanna rip to my sound and my likeness
Hey! Go'head and have a party if you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and touch your body like you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Listen - you can call me Gambino P or V.I.P
My wrists could buy a bitch a Ph.D
My rings alone could pay for you to eat
For the next few years I'm so icy kid
My flow is long money, my face is Hollywood
My tattoos gon' keep me with a thug part though
My attitude is universal, get harmed - call money
When we get back to Queens we gon' hurt you
Can't afford to ride, you gettin stomped out
I got a team of dimes, they all thonged out
Ready to line you up and take you out
My girls is hot man, they hard to turn down
You pee in your drawers lookin like you're Mexican
After lil' shorty wop wop break you off a lil' bit
You so stupid, we so much rich
And who braggin? I'm just tryin holla at the chicks like
Hey! Go'head and have a party if you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and touch your body like you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and have a party if you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Hey! Go'head and touch your body like you want to
Now now now now - c'mon
Yeah, 50, Olivia
We both think alike
We both think alike, uh-oh! 
Now shorty we can party'till the break of dawn
Go'head'till ya tired than I'll take ya home
If you invite me in I'll come take it off
Than head to ya bedroom to break ya off
I'm not gon' waste ya time talkin'bout shit that you know
I'm so hood that even when I try to hide it, it shows
I be grindin' girl I'm focused, I be gettin' my dough
You know that If It ain't the flow, than it comes from the O's
Plus a nigga like a pimp when it comes to the hoes
Every hood, every city all the gangsta's now
Front on me, and you'll be gettin' hit up fa sho
I make it hot when it's twenty muthafuckin' below
See wit' me in VIP you can twist and blow
When the champagne finished baby, order some mo'
Keep a eye on you close while you out on the floor
Doin ya move will have a nigga's greased if it's a swole
If ya ready to roll shorty, we can just roll
When you ready to go, I'll be ready to go
See everything I do, I do on the low
So anything we do, nobody will know
Now look, I know you into the shiny things
The platinum, the chains, and the diamond rings
The twenty-four inch chrome on the range
I see you when you crouch by ya window pane
Now shorty, me and you we came up the same
The fact before rap, I ain't have a thing
I hustled, got my weight up, now I'm sittin on change
I mean I got money out the ass, maine
When niggas get the beefin', I be laughin'
Cause I can send my homies through to blast them
Stick'em with the hump, or just slash'em
Now fool are you crazy?  Is what we ask'em
But back to me and you shorty, decide, think
First I'll put the burnin', it's the g-string 
Leave it up to me, we can do it my way 
And get straight to it, skip the fore play 
Yeahhhhhhhhhhh - woop woop, woop woop
Ha ha, fuck the police! 
Thank about it, everytime you bitches come around
Either we runnin or we layin on the fuckin ground
Just look at Chris, a nigga popped him, shot him in the club
They called the ambulance and y'all didn't even show up
Or let me tell you'bout Lil' Ricky when he took his bullets
You want the trigger man? Y'all was the one that pulled it
That's why we represent them niggas like Larry Davis
Before he let you cowards kill him he just aimed and sprayed it
Now what'chu wan' do? Bitch I got a gun too
We gon' keep on sendin shots, every time y'all come through
Got the nerve, tell a nigga put his hands up
Then beat him to the ground, when you put the boy in handcuffs
Fuck fuck the police, we handle it ourself
Even if I bleed to death - nigga we don't need no motherfuckin help
And to the right  to the left 
Let'em know  we don't need no motherfuckin help
Fuck the police  fuck the law 
Fuck the police  fuck'em all - we don't need no motherfuckin help
Fuck the police  fuck the law 
Fuck the police  fuck'em all - we don't need no motherfuckin help
We used to play, cops and robbers as a little kid
Whoever was the pigs, we would go and split his wig 
Then as the years passed, niggas only got worse
Jumped into the gang shit, gotta protect our turf
We had enough of gettin handcuffed and pulled over
We started tryin, knocked they heads off they fuckin shoulders
Now where my soldiers at, get ready for combat
I'm livin like them niggas that done went to Vietnam {? }
So if you try to lock me up for smokin my weed
The whole force of police, is what they gon' need
One of a kind, I'm the last of a dyin breed
Even the one that was befo' me, he was sayin
When I'm New York I'm hollerin nigga we don't need no motherfuckin help
Yeah; when I'm in Tennessee I'm hollerin we don't need no motherfuckin help
Yeahhh, when I'm out in L.A. nigga we don't need no motherfuckin help
Yeahh, A-T-L all day, nigga we don't need no motherfuckin help
My life, my life, my life, my life
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah
My life, my life, my life, my life
Fake love's when your homey give you dap
Smile in your face but he want yo' ass clapepd
Fake love - fake love's when they never be around
But once you get rich, they all get down
Fake love - fake love's when yo' friend fuck yo' bitch
Don't think with his head, only think with his dick
Fake love - so my friends is enemies and my enemies be friends
Don't show no love, don't pretend
50 got Yayo gettin all this cash
Now all these yes men wanna kiss my ass
But back in the street you ain't help me re-up
Locked up I had court dates, you never showed up
What the fuck? Tell me what you grinnin at nigga
If I get killed, my stash, you spendin that nigga
Some people want nuttin out of life
And some people want it all, let's ball
I see the jealousy and envy when you see me shoppin
Sapphire watch, got your jaw droppin
When I moved that eighth, you was 7 gram coppin
You ain't happy for me, you hope that the feds watchin
I ain't stoppin, homey I'm #1
While you schemin on me, I played it dumb
So when it comes to the point, that you ready to flip
I'mma pull out first, and let off my clip - take that! 
Now your man ain't your man if he extort you nigga
And your man ain't your man if he shortin you nigga
Listen money talks, and bullshit run marathons
When your money's gone, that's when them hoes gone
Fake love is when a nigga set you up
How he knew about your chain when your shit was tucked
You know the type to rat you out, sell you out
You get locked, your man ain't gon' bail you out
You got a brand new whip, your shit is lovely
Yeah it's aight - but his rims is ugly
Fake friends, show fake love
You know the type of nigga that'll leave you in the club
Fake love
My life, my life, my life, my life {*2X*}
Ohh! 
The top feel so much better than the bottom
So much better
Ja, you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Jada, you's a window shopper
In the jewelry store lookin' at shit you can't buy
Joe, you's a window shopper
In the dealership tryin' to get a test drive
Nas, you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by
Summertime, white Porsche Carrera is milky
I'm on the grind, let my paper stack but I'm filthy
I's funny how niggas get to screw-facin' at me
Anyhow they ain't got the heart to get at me
I'll get down, Southside's the hood that I come from
So I don't cruise through nobody hood without my gun
They know the kid ain't gon' fall for all that bullshit
Try and stick me, I'ma let off a full clip
It ain't my fault you done fucked up your re-up
At the dice game, who told you put a G up? 
Everybody mad when they paper don't stack right
But when I come around y'all niggas better act right
When we got the tops down, you can hear the systems thump
Nigga, when we rollin', rollin', rollin'
Shut your block down, quick to put a hole in a chump
Nigga, when we rollin', rollin', rollin'
Ja, you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Jada, you's a window shopper
In the jewelry store lookin' at shit you can't buy
Joe, you's a window shopper
In the dealership tryin' to get a test drive
Nas, you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by
Niggas love me in L.A. as soon as I pop in
They come to scoop me up at LAX and I hop in
Now when it comes to bad bitches you know I got them
Some from Long Beach, some from Watts and from Compton
You know a nigga wanna see how Cali girls freak off
After that five hour flight from New York
I start spittin' G at a bitch like a pimp, mane
Tell her, 
Meet me at the Mondrian so we can do our thang.
She can bring the lingerie with her, I sup-pose
Then we can go from fully dressed to just havin' no clothes
Then she can run and tell her best friend'bout my sex game
Then her best friend could potentially be next, mane
Listen mane, shit changed, I came up, I'm doin' my thang
Homie, I'm holdin', holdin', holdin'
Oh shit, mane, the store owner watchin' you
Before somethin' get stolen, stolen, stolen
Ja, you's a window shopper
Mad at me, I think I know why
Jada, you's a window shopper
In the jewelry store lookin' at shit you can't buy
Joe, you's a window shopper
In the dealership tryin' to get a test drive
Nas, you's a window shopper
Mad as fuck when you see me ride by
If youse a shooter then shoot nigga, I'm doin my thang
If you seen-a, my nina, you seen it go bang
That shit they do in your hood, they do it in mine mayne
I put a hole in a nigga, I ain't motherfuckin playin
You niggas ain't nuttin but clown killers for real
I'm down with the Unit, for the Gorillas for real
Go bananas if you want, ooh ooh, you gettin peeled
Y'all shoot for the shoot, we do this for real
Clap me's a motherfucker, make more mills
Cash me a check, to cop more wheels
Shorty you a bad bitch and good-ass steel
Now, I hop up on the dillz and smeared that lip gloss
Me and P sharin bitches like we switch Porsche
My hammer navigate beef, Hummer don't get lost
Boy, that Desert Eagle have that whole shit ripped off
Yeah - we get that gwop, cause we make
Shit that pop heavy rotation, your shit flop
Won't stop'til we get, to that top
If the gun too far then you will get oxed
Y'all niggas ain't real y'all just talk a lot
If you a killer then kill somethin, you talkin all day
Frontin, killin nuttin, you niggas is real gay
See me shinin, mad diamonds, now what can I say
I'm a mega star, never thought it'd be this way
Niggas fightin for the bottom, I feel your pain
I'm at the top and I'm never comin back again
Except for when I come to scoop lil' shorty good brains
Out the hood, you see me in yo' hood don't play
I open up yo' head, and expose yo' brain
I's not a joke or a game, and I ain't tryin
To advance my rap lines, please believe what I say
I'm a Mobb nigga, nigga I do this all day
Hit the weed hit the gas on the Lamb' to skate
See me comin through the club, get out of my way
You don't know me, man get out of my face
'Fore I flip, no shit, you niggas get sprayed
I's 50, I's the Unit, that means it's money, ha ha
Nah nigga I don't know, I don't know who got you
I don't know who stabbed you, I don't know who shot you
I don't know who cut you, I don't know who robbed you
But you think I know cause you know how my squad do
Nowadays niggas snitchin' so much in the street
That you gotta talk to them like they the police
Nah, I don't know nothin'bout poppin the heat
I don't know nothin'bout settlin no beef in the streets
Nah, I don't know nothin'bout baggin the grams
I ain't never had no spot or went hand to hand
Me, I don't know nothin'bout takin the stand
I ain't never got a nigga ass stuck in the can
Nah, I don't know nothin'bout dro or hash
Coke, dope, x, dust or crystal meth
Nah, I'm just tryin to rap to get some cash
Keep the Hip Hop Police off my ass
Nah nigga I don't know, I don't know who got you
I don't know who stabbed you, I don't know who shot you
I don't know who cut you, I don't know who robbed you
But you think I know cause you know how my squad do
Aiyyo, that's my word on the stack of bibles
I don't know who did it I don't know who responsible
All I know who spittin all I know who givin
Me all this cash, just to put down twelve to get in yo' ass
Listen, keep it far away from me
I ain't got time for sittin in the penitentiary
All I know is I'm rich, all I know is that G-Unit work
When the album drop they go bezerk
Mad video play, crazy radio spins
Number one all the time, our reign never ends
Don't point the finger at us somebody's hangin
They had a beef with us, plus we don't know nathin
I don't know nothin'bout jumpin out splittin homeboy head
But for real that's fucked up they say that homeboy dead
I can't even think, who'gon want him dead
Have no idea what type of gun they done him with
You see I hear no evil and I see no evil
Ain't tryin to talk to or hear from or see those people
And I ain't had them little homies burn up no regal
I've been tryin to do this music thang and just go legal
I don't know why my name in your female's phone
But you really startin to sound like a female holmes
Don't know why they told you that we sell stones
We on the internet tryin to get our Email on
Nah nigga I don't know, I don't know who got you
I don't know who stabbed you, I don't know who shot you
I don't know who cut you, I don't know who robbed you
But you think I know cause you know how my squad do
Nah nigga I don't know who sent them young boys through
To air the strip, shit just be happenin out the blue
I don't be around here, I ain't hip to the news
I don't know why that man clutchin on that shit when you move
I don't know why that other rapper got stripped for his jewels
You know how easy it is to get shit confused
I wasn't even in New York, I was just in the cruise
Somewhere way out in the islands with your bitch in the cruise
Oops my bitch in the cruise, dudes get hit when they snooze
Lose they hit from the Uz, Uz all over the street
I don't know why they said what's up I don't know who's in that jeep
He talk about me all day but I ain't losin no sleep
Nah nigga I don't know, I don't know who got you
I don't know who stabbed you, I don't know who shot you
I don't know who cut you, I don't know who robbed you
But you think I know cause you know how my squad do
I don't know why my charm'bout as big as your palm
And why the diamond chain I wear as'bout as long as your arm
You tell me, how many diamonds in my bezel
There's one for everytime I had to grind up in the ghetto
I could show you how to do it, you tired of ridin Buicks
I don't know why niggas rap for years and can't make hotter music
Even when, I don't do it chicks release body fluid
Body drop, shotty pop, and niggas wanna tie me to it
I don't know why Loon and Fabby won't just say I'm they daddy
Why them Harlem CB4 niggas just keep comin at me
Got as many beefs as 50 and a nigga go to church
Could you imagine if my hands was on work, I don't know
Nah nigga I don't know, I don't know who got you
I don't know who stabbed you, I don't know who shot you
I don't know who cut you, I don't know who robbed you
But you think I know cause you know how my squad doYeah! Ha Ha! 
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear niggas running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
I know Boo Boo I mean 50 he a grimey nigga
Think he shot my brother I'm a find that nigga
We don't see his punk ass unless he on TV
Yeah he did my brother dirty but he don't wanna see me
Member Rydell from KP thought he was his man
Put him on the table to bag up he beat him for grams
How you think he got that money for that chalk gray Land
That nigga robbin' and stealin' everything that he can
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear hoes running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
Yeah I know Curtis, he used to fuck with my friend
Used to come through my projects pick her up in his Benz
Niggas from my buildin' always used to ask about him
Like he in and out of town, right? That niggas get down, right? 
I used to say, all I know, is the nigga get money
And you standin' in my way, excuse me dummy
Ronda she told me that nigga a freak
And Mc
Donald's ain't the only thing that he eat
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear everybody running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
I love 50 Cent, that's my dad
But even my mom talk about him bad
She says since he blew up, he changed for sure
He's really fascinated with these fancy hoes
I don't know why but there personalities collide
And my dad will swallow blood before he swallows his pride
You know the kids in my class they be sayin he's crazy
They just like him cause he roll with Dr. Dre and Shady
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear niggas running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
Man 50 fucked up, I mean real fucked up
He left us in the hood we fucked up
I can't believe this nigga gettin' all this money
Still actin' like he in the street tellin' niggas they can't eat
You know this motherfucker went and bought Tyson's crib
Got Bentley's, Ferrari's, and all that shit
He don't even come through to try and help niggas out
That's that bullshit. See what I'm talkin' about? 
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear everybody running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
That's my Grand baby I love him I raised that boy right
He ran to me cryin' sent him back out to fight
Put a battery in his sock or pick up a rock
You ain't a chump, you want your Grandma to think you a punk
Look at my first Grand baby, he is a big rap star
Bought me a house, diamonds, and a brand new car
I taught him what it takes, to go this far
Boy I'm the reason you are what you are
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear everybody running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
Man everywhere I go, I mean like everywhere I be
I hear everybody running they mouth, you should hear how they talk'bout me
Yeah, it's 50
One shot, one kill, what's the deal
Yeah, what's the deal
Listen lil' homie, when it rains it pours
Hollow tips and talons, when it rains it pours
Get caught in lead showers just because
N ain't playin', when it rains it pours
N get set up, when it rains it pours
End up wet up, that's when it rains it pours
It usually, goes down over money and whores
But lil' homie in my hood, when it rains it pours
Ain't nothin' changed, n doin' the same ol' shit
Them new hollow tips in them same ol' clips
In the projects, n fuck with the same ol' chicks
For somehow, they still think that they game is so sick
Now from the rip, n know I'm'bout my grip
I don't trick, man I barely even feed a bitch
She say I'm stingy, I say, 
I don't need you bitch
Go'head leave, see if I chase you, shit! 
Tell yo' mammy, I catch her in the streets I'mma get her
She know I'm on parole, why she call police on a n? 
She just mad, cause a nigga pockets on swole
When she ask to borrow some, I say hell naw! 
I was tellin' the lil' homies all about this shit
To keep yo' mind on yo' money
And don't trust no bitch
Ke Ke hit high notes, when them pigs came
But her ass kinda fat, so n treat' her the same
This is real
Listen lil' homie, when it rains it pours
Hollow tips and talons when it rains it pours
Get caught in lead showers just because
N ain't playin', when it rains it pours
N get set up, when it rains it pours
End up wet up, that's when it rains it pours
It usually, goes down over money and whores
But lil' homie in my hood, when it rains it pours
Blood stains on my stoop, when Akbar got shot
When homocide outside, nigga I'm not
This the third time them niggas done circled the block
I's money out now yeah, but damn it's hot
They'll love to catch a nigga, on a direct sale
They say, tell us who caught the body, or you goin' to jail
Look, if you know the drill you stay the fuck outta dodge
And say what's happenin' to the captain
And say what's up to the sarge
Fuck bein' in a cage man, that shit for the birds
Charlie drunk, drinkin' wild irish rose on the curb
I know a spot full of n tryin' to bet a few bucks
Hopin' they number come out, they can have'em some luck
To Ace to the duece, and stumbled off mad
Lost his re-up money man, that's all he had
Magazine from the store, so he can look at the cars
And do pull up's in the park, on the monkey bars
Mad as fuck
Listen lil' homie, when it rains it pours
Hollow tips and talons when it rains it pours
Get caught in lead showers just because
N ain't playin', when it rains it pours
N get set up, when it rains it pours
End up wet up, that's when it rains it pours
It usually, goes down over money and whores
But lil' homie in my hood, when it rains it pours
Yeah! I's my tape man, listen to my tape
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend, 
If you promise you'll be mine 
Please say he's just a friend  now girl let's not pretend 
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine
Please say he's just a friend 
Now girl let's not pretend 
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend
First we get to talkin, then we get to touchin
If we get past the phone games we'll be fuckin
I kiss like the french do, I put my tongue in your ear
Do it like the dogs do it girl and pull on your hair
For me a different scenery just mean a different position
In the tub or on the sink I improvise now listen
In the chopper or on the jet, join the mile high club
I'm no fool I know money can't buy me love
But I'm a different type of nigga that make sure that you know
Instead of a rose, there's a hundred dozen of those
See I see somethin special when I look in your eyes
With your legs way back I see this pussy is mine
If you ain't sure when I'm talkin I don't tell you no lies
But there's things that you say that have me wonderin why
When I don't say what I'm thinkin it don't mean that I'm shy
Got on that shit you picked out for me that's why I'm so fly
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend
If you promise you'll be mine 
Please say he's just a friend  now girl let's not pretend
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine
Please say he's just a friend 
Now girl let's not pretend 
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend
While you in your bubble bath I'll come wash on your back
When you puttin on your lotion I can help you with that
I sit and think of things to say that may make you smile
Or give you gifts from my heart to reflect my style
Or slang I use when we build may change how you talk
And if I'm focused while I'm strokin I could change how you walk
That's the swagger you come with when you come from New York
I'm a hustler I just hustle in the things that I bought
Separate me from the rest, I feel like I'm the best
If there's a price to pay for feelin you I pay that twice
I'm as ghetto as it gets girl you know that's right
I ain't got nothin to hide baby I tell you my secrets
'Fore you end up bein'round long enough to peep shit
I get closer to you, I mean closer than close
I get into you, after I take off my clothes
Girl I been into you, mentally long before
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend
If you promise you'll be mine 
Please say he's just a friend  now girl let's not pretend
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend, I want you'round all the time
Can I be your best friend, if you promise you'll be mine
Please say he's just a friend 
Now girl let's not pretend 
Either he is or he ain't your man 
Please say he's just a friend
If I was your best friend
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
2 niggas in the front, 2 niggas in the back
Thats 4 niggas ridin' strapped in grandpa's Cadillac
The voice in my head say fuck all these niggas
Then I start thinkin', I should rob all these niggas
Man my homies then wan' do whatever I wan' do
I say I wan' eat they say shit we wan' eat to
Lets ride around find a nigga stuntin' on front street
With the shine's on niggas be lookin' like lunch meat
I run up on a nigga, pop one on the floor
Tell um come up off that shit'fore we start poppin' some more
Fuck a ski mask, man niggas know who I iz
I got a full clip and niggas know I get biz
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'm up early in the mornin', tryna make a move
Come in here with me shorty take your lil' on the school
Even though she cause the drama, you love your baby momma
I hit her with the llama to get this cake
Give us the coke, the cash, the combo to the safe
But she don't know it, damn, OK we'll wait
I play with your kid on the couch, while your bitch on the phone
Put a gun to her head sayin' daddy come home
You was rollin' poppin' bubbly, didn't think it get ugly
In the hood shit is lovely until it go bad
Now you can pray for a miracle and God might be hearin' you
That the nine will jam right in my hand
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I got, its homies screamin' Buck you need to calm down
Niggas be gettin' killed everytime you come around
We ran up in his crib made his momma kiss the ground
She askin' God, what my baby dunn did now? 
I'm takin' everything, jewellery I want it all
Duck tape him up, rip the phone cords out the wall
Fuck waitin' we can startin' waitin' on tomorrow
So ask Satan if he got a car that I can borrow
I'm impatient like a money hungry rap star
I jack him for his chain and I can get a new Jaguar
The mack I have his brains all over the fuckin' sidewalk
And I'mma be on CNN again it ain't my fault
March nigga step, right nigga left
G-Unit soldier I'm thuggin' till my death
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
WOO! ! ! From the midst of the dark barkin it's Bill Gates
From the behind the bodega with two eights
I mean, with intentions of settin yo' ass straight
I mean, yo' ass leakin, bleedin reachin for faith
I mean, you barely breathin, with your soft survivin ass
What happen to your hood vibe with your good ridin ass
What happen to the gangsta that you see on TV
 That's cause it was projected in 3D 
And you don't wanna see, me comin lettin that Mac spit
 Send a nigga to a semi back flip
 Saratoga Ave nigga act sick
 M.O.P. doin this rugged rap shit
 I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
Ooooh! 
I got his homies screamin 
Buck you need to calm down
Niggas be gettin killed everytime you come around 
We ran up in his crib, made his momma kiss the ground
She askin God 
What my baby done did now? 
I'm taking everything, jewelry, I want it all
Duck tape him up, rip the phone cords out the wall 
Fuck waitin, we gon' start waitin on tomorrow 
So ask satan if he got a car that I can borrow
I'm impatient like a money hungry rap star
Jack him for his chain and I can get a new jaguar 
The mac'll have his brains all over the fuckin sidewalk
And I'mma be on CNN again, it ain't my fault
March nigga step! 
Right nigga left! 
G-Unit soldier, I'm thuggin to my death motherfucker! 
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, you know I will
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, with the back of the steel
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your cap could get peeled
I'll Whip Your Head Boy, your ass could get killed
Wit the back of the steel....
I had five hundred grams and fifty in 58 bags
Fo'-hundred Benz, eight thousand in cash
Then the ball dropped, gun popped, Banks got blast
I make it so hot, one shot'll melt yo' ass
Got popped up, cried'til my eyes turned red
Then told myself in the mirror nigga, you ain't dead
I'm far from eccentric, I'm so psychotic
I don't need you to shoot for me, nigga I got it
When you see me in the hood motherfucker don't talk to me
'Less you wan' talk about using the hawk for me
When Al blew Black away I had him on some stupid shit
Then my rap shit worked, now I'm super stupid rich
All I do is stunt now, I'm so Maybach
There I go fronting again, I meant to say laid back
Go'head move reckless, get banged for your necklace
I serve him with the semi, feed him a clip for breakfast
You want some? Come get some
Nigga it's murder one when I toss my gun
You might see me let it off, you might see me run
But you won't see shit time the police come
Huh? You want some? Come get some
Nigga it's murder one when you see my gun
I just squeeze and squeeze'til the whole clip done
You just bleed and bleed'til the police come
Huh? You want some? 
I got a eighth of dope left, half a pound of purple
Shooters in my circle, try me I'll let'em murk you
Got more guns than a gun store, beef ain't what you want, boy
You wanna be nice to me, you wanna shoot dice with me
You want a ace on purpose, why you so nervous? 
Nigga we from the same hood, we come from the same shit
You got gonorrhea too? We fucked with the same bitch
Getting money is necessary; see me I'm a visionary
And I'm saying that house should be a crack house
Now see it how I see it or I'll bring the straps out
The tech and the mac out, the Sig and the Taurus
The Koch and that Heckler, then nigga we warrin'
I let my pistols speak for me and all of'em foreign
Click-clack, comprende? I'm criminal-minded
Toss my Nina in the sewer, bet nobody find it
'Til it's rusty and fucked up, forensics have fun, what? 
Come get it, I'm strapped now, I'm with it
Come get it - huh? You want some? 
Come get it, I'm strapped now, I'm with it
Fuck that nigga - huh? You want some?
This is how monsters function
Leave me alone
I ain't fucking with nobody
Keep fucking with me you going turn me back to Boo-Boo
Have me casing out your crib, trying to pop your fucking noodles
She was 20, I was 12, man my Nana said she raped me
I just smiled from ear to ear, saying take me, baby, take me
Since high school, nigga, I ain't got no friends
Got two 380s like the Ying Yang Twins 
That's spot clicking till the Ds run in
Then it's bail money and lawyer fees, you got to have ends
Freshman year I had that CBR Hurricane
In a ill herringbone, I got them swinging Heroine
I shoot a nigga in a heartbeat I ain't no chump
Then you can run forrest run, retard when I dump
They take kindness for weakness, niggas don't respect that
So me I'm where that Ruger, that Pump and that Tec at
Some look at me I'm on now, I thought we was rich then
Shipment, but you had like twenty bricks in Richmond
We was in Cocaine heaven, I was fishscale dreaming
We just got in the town, we was strapped up scheming
First Country caught a body, then Country caught a body
Then I popped a couple niggas then Country shot everybody
I's cold blooded, it's real shit, you got to love it
Trey-eight Snub it, and don't think nothing of it
I's the way of the wolves, it's how they train us to move
Get it popping when we shopping, niggas hold down the tools
I seen niggas getting rich
Then days went by, then days went by, then days went by
I was tired of not having shit
Then days went by, then days went by, then days went by
I seen niggas getting hit
Then days went by, then days went by, then days went by
We was slinging that shit
Then days went by, then days went by, then days went by
Here I am
Unsure since we was little niggas, son, since we were seven
Armed robbery, first degree, my man did seven
Niggas popped his whip up, hit his Camry with a seven
He a lucky motherfucker, I bet he make it to heaven
My Grandpa drunk, my uncle Rock drunk
My uncle Champ pump crack, smoked my fucking stash up
I had 250 grams stashed on the porch
I mean, how much you going to smoke, man? How much you going to snort? 
First the VCR went, then the TV went
He stole out of mommy purse, she thought it was me, kid
I ain't ask her for no money, son, cause I was out hustling
She was looking at me sideways like I'm a thief or something
That hurt me, come on son that wouldn't hurt you? 
I pistol whip that nigga till his face was purple
I need anger management, see I hold on to a grudge
The same way I hold on to that nickel-plate Snub
The Lord don't have imperfections, baby
So I think I'm perfect the way he made me
Some say I'm cool, some say I'm crazy
Some say I ain't shit, some say I'm amazing
Dre, niggas think we're bullshitting
Nigga try me, son, he best have the heat on him
Whip him outta his clothes, get to mopping the street with him
Well, I put your body in a bag, front on me, I'm on ya ass
I bring money to my niggas that bring death to my enemies
I bring money to my niggas that bring death to my enemies
Nigga front on me, the goons and goblins come out
Bushmaster hundred shot, drums'll run out
They dumb out, you heard of me, they call me big homie
Me I make the register ring, I'm the cash cow
They make the hammers ring, they on ya ass now
Hair trigger, stare nigga, yeah, niggas'll flip
Six shot semi assault, let it off at your will
Here I is, where the money is, I still get biz
If D's know about the beef, you gon' still get did
It be your tombstone and your fucking grave they dig
Have that ass in the precinct trying to talk to the pigs
I'm like Damien, nigga, when I start getting loose on ya
Closest thing to Lucifer, you think you got a noose on ya
I make it hard to breathe
I come with your hustle, air it out, make it hard to eat
Have you lookin' both ways like you crossing the street
Yeah, niggas send me the wrong message, we gon' fucking kill the messenger
Your whole clique, hollowtips'll tear up the best of ya
This ain't the 
Carter nigga, this is Sparta
I's harder, I die and be a martyr, respect me like your father
Let off a clip or let a case off
I have your pussy ass running like a race horse
Follow orders now, Yay' shoot his face off
You can have one, blast one, it's mad fun
See how when you listen to me all of the cash gone
I was born with the tech, it's a birth defect
I was conceived in the bins, ended up in a Benz
This is what happens when have-not's turn into Sasquatch
Let the gat pop, boogie down on the back blocks
I's horrific, nah, it's terrific
I got it if you sniff it, go'head nigga twist it
Get lifted, goddamn I'm gifted
Yeah, I tell'em ride on'em then they ride on'em
Get the line on'em and squeeze the.9 on'em
Headshot,.40-Glock blow his mind on him
I's a hit, not a jux leave the shines on'em
Now you can watch me, nigga, like the police watch me
I move proper, go ahead catch a shell trying to stop me
That 430 Spider, carbon fibre
And my dog is like Al Qaeda, natural fighter
Rapid fire, you're sweet like apple cider
The Mack'll fire, mask like Michael Myers
I's off the wire when I get on my bullshit
No smiles, no laughs, you gets no pass
You can explain to my niggas while they whoop yo' ass
My hands itch when the money comes, it's hard to explain it
Last time I itched like this, a truckload came in
Get money, get bread, that's what I do kid
I'm so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
I'm so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
Your daddy fucked your mama then fucked your sister
Then climbed in your bed playing with your shitter
Go'head, take your belt off and hang yourself
Matter of fact grab your strap and bang yourself
Jay's a big man, he's too big to respond
I'm a big dick, you know the one everybody's on
You'gon make me sing''Murder Was The Case''
Bullets ricochet *ping ping*, shoot the star off your face
I'm international, I'm never home, mane
I've been gone so long my accent changed
You better watch who you fuck with, mate
Or you'gon make me carve your ass up now straight
Come on, Game, you will never be my equal
Your homies shoot doors, my niggas shoot people
See me I'm what you never'gon be
I'm in that tax bracket you never'gon see
When you cross me, I'm so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
See, I get so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
When you cross me, I'm so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
See, I get so disrespectful, so so so disrespectful
That nigga Buck like Gator, tell momma he done smoked the TV
I ain't know he fucked with more dope than B.G
Plus a nigga sipped more syrup than Pimp C
Man keeping these motherfuckers rich ain't easy
Especially when a nigga wanna stunt like Jeezy
And his CDs' didn't sell like his CDs'
Man, that nigga blew all of his chips on them breezies
Mad cause the world won't treat him like Weezy
Look I don't give a fuck, nigga, please believe me
No nigga in no vocal booth around can see me
I's crazy how I make this shit look oh so easy
They say, 50, nah, I don't fuck with him, he oh so greasy
Yeah, he used to share that paper now he oh so greedy
I's funny how they shit on me cause them they need me
See me I'm number one, I'm loading up my gun
I catch ya and you done, you pussy nigga run
They say first comes love then comes marriage
Instead I got Shaniqua in a baby carriage
Then came the cash then the baby mama drama
I gave that bitch a half a mill, she blew it on Prada
I remember when I met the bitch and she ain't have nada
Got my son on some fly shit, now I gotta buy shit
Man, I can't even flaunt shit cause everybody want shit
Everybody mad, damn even my dad
And I don't even know him, now how the fuck I owe him? 
I ain't giving nobody shit, I'mma show them
I gave Game hits, he told me to suck dick
Started screaming Westside and Dre ain't say shit
Now we just eat off him, and when I talk to Em
A smile comes on his face, he told me here's the case
''Enemies stay enemies but friends they change
Niggas go crazy over money, my mane''
I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared
Yeah, yeah, I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared
I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared
Yeah, yeah, I can hear your heartbeat, you're scared
You see I'm a psycho, a sicko, I'm crazy
I said I got my knife pulled, I'll kill you if you make me
They wanna see me shot up, locked up, then cage me
I come back bigger, stronger and angry
Yeah, look look, I come from a different crew, you fuck with me I'll get to you
A clip or two I'll cripple you just cause I ain't got shit to do
Pistol pop, a pussy drop, drama never ever stop
Eenie meenie mini moe, nine, trey pound or forty fo'
Pick a strap, The Tec, the Mac, the Hawk, I stab it in your back
I'll blow your brains, I know your name and where you rest, I make a mess
The hollow tips will hit your chest, you cough up blood till EMS
Come pick you up, you know you're fucked when you get on the stretcher
Cause I come into ICU to see you off to Heaven
The system I done been through, it is nothing new to it to me
They lock me up, they let me out, you seen this in the movies
The criminals be criminals while they up in corrections
They come home get, a nine, then commit crime in perfection
I's murder one, they found a gun, now they doing ballistics
But they can't find a fingerprint, the shit's going terrific
Get so close on your target that it's really hard to miss it
Man, these are average raps, I'm keeping the savage batch hidden
The can of whoop ass with the Shady/Aftermath lid
You pop off the top, it's like opening vats of acid
Beat the Octomom to death with a Cabbage Patch Kid
Attack a snatch, yeah, there's something to jack a batch in
Impregnated then shoot up the embryo sack with Mac-10s'
Triplets, quadruplets, and a couple of back-to-back twins
Dead fetuses falling out all over, Jack is back again
The Ripper's at your service, girl I can see that you're nervous
But I barely scratched the surface like my last batch of girlfriends
That I buried in my fucking backyard still trying to dig their way out
I foam like an attack dog, how late you wanna stay out? 
I's past your curfew when it's dark, I'm searching for you in the park
Shady murdered him another virgin, he just hit his mark
He met his quota for the month, they found Dakota all rolled up
Inside a bag, he probably dragged the body for about a block
Disappeared without a trace, no DNA, no not a drop
Cause me and Dre and 50 we will never get caught by the cops
CSI, they hate us, but they gotta give a lot of props
If drama pops, grab the butcher knife from off the counter tops
Yeah, I'm as ill as can be
My appeal is to serial killers what a pill is to me
Killing so villainously
Still as maniacal on the Ny
Quil and psycho as Michael Myers
You know what we're like on the motherfucking mic so try us
And you're gonna find out what the fuck we're like with pliers
I's operation time, they got him hooked up to wires
Squeezing, he bleeding wheezing, breathing he half dead
He must ain't know, but now he know how Shady the Math is
Even murderous tactics get better with practice
Lead showers, gun powder, feel the talons burn burn
School of arts, Julliard, you better learn learn
Chris Reeves in his grave, yeah, homie, turn turn
I'm debating mutilating the lady
You've been waiting for Shady and Fif, ain't no duplicating it, baby
There's a baby in the dryer, there's a torso in the washer
I think it might even belong to Portia when I tossed her
Arms and legs in the garbage, cause the rest of her, I lost her
Her head is in the disposal with Jessica's, I squashed her
I put her on the ringer and hung her over the wash tub
When I'm through with Ricky it'll be blood that he'll cough up
The hard rock I'll soft up, get caught up and get washed up
In Detroit or Norfolk, witness this shit, end up nauseous
Look deep in my eye, see many many men die
I swing gem stars faster than a Samurai
I promise to keep you close to me
You give me a sense of security
Through drama you will be all I need
Straight up now, I need you to hold me down, hold me down
I need you to hold me down, hold me down
I need you to hold me down
Through every altercation
I put no one above you, mm-mm I love you
They shook up when we jux'em, you see how they be looking
I's frightening like lightning, you crack off, they start booking
I's beef until I get out in broad day with my shit out
That's when they say I'm illing and when she get to killing
Now my baby she precious, I warn you not to test us
I aim her at your head, nigga, motherfuck the vests
I'm antisocial, quit acting like you know me
Before I go postal, you know I got her on me
I'm riding with her on cocked, Audi R8 drop
Feel the wind blow, twist the indo, smoke it up, it's fundamental
You can't get to her, poke'em up when we get intimate
That's when I get into shit
She 32 I'm 34, I fuck her raw
She revolve 6 times then I feed her more
When niggas get to tripping
I need you by my side, yeah, so they can't catch me slipping
I take you out shopping, get you clean, get it popping
Use my finger, get ya hot, girl, I know your spot, yeah
I love you if you love me back, you never jam when I react
To sucker shit when they get hit and we take off If you get tossed
I'll be back, I want you so I'll be back
I'll never change, I be the same, a nigga stunt, I let it rain
I'm off the chain, I'm all in, mane
I'll hit you up, you think I'm playing, I be strapped
Go'head fuck around, I be strapped
24/7 I'm back holding, mistake me for a chump
Bite off more than you can chew, more beef than you want
Come through repeatedly, show you what bananas about
I'm a mechanic, find out when the hammers come out
When the strap out, you know what that'bout
We do it my way, cause a crime wave
Woah - wave - woah - wave
I wave the heat to eat, waive my right to speak
Plead the fifth y'all, don’t tell'em shit y'all
Woah - wave - woah - wave
I'm not telling you to shoot somebody
But if somebody try to shoot you shoot'em
Don't waste time, little nigga just do it
Any nigga out of order must be serviced
See now now you hesitating, boy, you making me nervous
The Feds know I clap heat, felonies on my rap sheet
Front on me, try to run from me, hollows be up your back, B
Pistol pop, copper top, burn, baby, burn
Revolver spinning again and again, you niggas never learn
Got a itchy itchy itchy itchy trigger finger, nigga
So if you hit me and you get me I'll be back to get ya
Man I might bring the homies in that's if it's necessary
See you might not be worried, but I think you should worry
Them bullets come in flurries, next thing you know you're buried
Yeah, I do away with nine niggas in nine days
My nine sprays when shit don't go my way
Hold it sideways, fuck around, cause a crime wave
I talk about my arsenal, I rap about my infantry
Them crackers they be scared of me, the hood man, they into me
Yeah - I'm #1 on Forbes
Yeah - they can't fuck with your boy
Tax time is crack time, I flip that, get that back
Louie V. nap sack filled up with G-stacks
I'm sick in the head, me I'm all'bout the bread
Go'head fuck with the kid, see it's just what I said
See the stash, I'm making double, making kilos bubble
Gem star, boy, I cut you til' your ma don't know you
See when we play them warriors come out to play
You wanna play? Get your ass laid out today
See I'm back on the shit I was on before
So if a nigga try to stunt we gon' take'em to war
Man, I be on some other shit, these niggas can't fuck with me
Yeah, ooh yeah, ooh yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
The homie said he fuck with me, I have him hit you up for me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I take grams of coke, mix it with lactose, that's what I do
Stretch
I make a ounce of dope with like a eighth of dope before I'm through
Product stretch
I got it mastered, man, in the hood I'm like plastic, man
Stretch
Fantastic man, I make the money come faster, man, yeah
Your favorite bad guy's gone, The Joker's dead
So for now'til forever you're stuck with the kid
I ain't supposed to be a boss, I'm supposed to be an enforcer
I'm supposed to hold a gun, not be stuck in an office
Michael pimped me? I was in the passenger seat
We was comfortable with me'round, cause I blast my heat
94' I was trying to catch Mason for bricks raw
Charlie fucked up the jux, they took no orders little boy, stretch
The cocaine, I go hard when the drought come
When the straps come out, son, niggas know the outcome
Lay low, stay low, you may see Jesus
You hit with a stray, yo, for no fucking reason
You praying for a Benz, it's a blessing you breathing
I's a miracle that God gave me this TEC, now I'm eating
Cop it, chop it, profit, it's all for sale
Cocaine, candy rain, I'm so for real, yeah
I'm the dope-man, coke-man, smoke-man, whatever-man
The X-man, TEC-man, you better respect, man
Get the green, triple beam, inf' beam, murder scheme
Fiend, morphine, dream, codeine, more lean
Gun pop, one shot, body drop, it wasn't me
Tell the cops it wasn't me, you saw me right? It wasn't me
I's not my M.O., see me I make it stretch
Get in the way I put a body on my TEC
Call me crazy, I die for what I stand for
I have ammo flying out the Lambo
Like Commando, nah, like Rambo
I keep my cool as long as the fucking grams go
Wooptee-woo, I'm a Chef like Rae
I's hot in here, I'm by the stove cooking crack all day, stretch
We gon' bag up all night
We ain't goin' nowhere'til the count bag right, yeah
I's a bird, it's a plane, no, it's pure cocaine
Trying to blow selling blow, I'm who you fuck with, man
I got Spiderman high, I made Batman fly
Your favorite hero took a hit, now here you try
I don't care if it's a sin, I don't care if you're ten
Look around kid, it's a cold world we're in
If you ask me my offer is extremely handsome
A little Charlie, Marley, a little bit of Manson
Yeah, me falling off is really far fetched
I turn a little to a lot, I make it stretch
In come the Franklin's then come the Benji's
Fiends by the crackhouse, dirty and dingy, yeah
You ain't strong enough, nigga, you sweet
You probably go against me, and win
I oughta kiss you, you'd probably like that
But you don't stand a chance, nigga
Fucking faggot
I do more than talk that, I mu'fuckin walk that
Blue Yankee cap back, fuck around get clapped at
I sleep with the stainless, I walk with the stainless
Man, everybody know about 50, I'm famous
New York, New York, I run New York
Ask Dread at the weed spot, I come through in the mean drop
In different boroughs I have different moments
On different days niggas know how I'm on it
I'm pretty like a Harlem nigga
I'm a shooter like a Brooklyn nigga
I'm a hustler don't get no bigger
Queens, Southside'til they bury me
BX, two TEC's, flames out the nozzles
R1 One wheel, Christian Dior goggles
Spare with me, start some shit, send the shooters out
Come out the club, we out front with the Ruger's out
Nah, ain't no sense to talking peace, my brother
That beef will probably send your monkey ass to see Allah
These niggas ain't strong enough
Their money ain't long enough
When they bump heads with me
They find out the guns do bust
We getting paper, in God we trust
These sucka ass niggas
These niggas ain't strong enough
Their money ain't long enough
When they bump heads with me
They find out the guns do bust
We getting paper, in God we trust
Suck on this, nigga
When I said I'll kill ya, I'll kill ya, as a kid I wasn't kidding then
Special ED kid in the back on Ritalin
Crib all fucked up, hooptie all fucked up
Pockets all fucked up, now nigga, what's up? 
I'm rich now, niggas know about my dividends
Look at the Robb Report, check out what I'm living in
Fuck a spot now, I'm'bout to buy a yacht now
Crib the size of the New York City block now
Okay okay, try me and get shot down
I'm like a zebra, I got so many stripes
I'm the fucking general, I run my clique right
It was five of us, all of us millionaires
Now one's a fucking junkie, and one's a fucking queer
Now it's three of us, that's the way we started
They call me crazy, cold-blooded and black-hearted
I don't play no games, niggas beg for mercy
Then we 
T.O.S., put that ass to rest
I get down, I get down, I get down 
I get down, I get down 
I get down, I get down, I get down 
I get down, I get down
Get it, get it, get it, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it hot
Oh, I think she like me, hell yeah, she like me
My watch game crazy, Audemar's so icy
She like it when I stunt, me I'm what she want
I'm in that rich nigga fraternity, we only talk bread
Got money out the asshole, the money on my head
Don't mean nothing, I said don't mean nothing
The Rosé in the Rover, I'm drinking and I'm driving
That nigga try and get at me I'm pulling out and firing
To see if I'm stunting, the piece it ain't nothing
Royal fees ain't nothing, I just blow a little something
Now shorty got a thing for me, she feel like I'm the shit
My guess is I'm the kind of nigga she wanna be with
Hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it hot
Get it, get it, get it, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it, hot, hot, hot, hot, hot
Get it, get it, get it hot
Get it, get it, get it
I'm a substitute teacher, welcome to Sex Ed
She'll be an A student time she get out my bed
I'm flashy, I'm rolling with the stones
Get at me, I'm moving with the chrome
A made man, a Don Corleone
No matter where I'm at I'm doing what the fuck I want
I'm shining, my wrists all canary
Now try me, I keep a shooter near me
I'm grinding like I ain't made my first mil'
Like I ain't signed a first deal, like I ain't at the first meal
I'm hungry, I really want it all
Now watch me, I'll show you how to ball
Life in the fast lane, fast car, fast cash
Freak bitch, fast ass
I'm where the money at, mane, fast on the draw
Fast running from the law
She like the bad boys, the bad boys, the bad boys
She like the bad boys, the bad boys, the bad boys
Get it, get it, get it
Get it, get it, get it
Get it, get it, get it
This is hip hop, it go clip pop
It hit'em if ya hit me, the clip pop, it popped and it don't stop
Papa said we bang bang boogie, we get' em oh goodie
Keep the hoodie when you're fucking with me, me, me
Now what you hear is not a test
I said it's not a test, nigga, it's not a test
Got my Teflon on wrapped around my chest
I do it the best, ya heard, I do it the best
Tuck the nine by my spine all the time
Stunt when I want a dead nigga, fuck with mine
My neck and my ear get to flicking like a strobe
My wrist and my whips have niggas like whoa
I'm the underground king, I reside on the throne
In the club wilding out over Henny and Patron
Me I'm in the zone, yeah me I'm in the zone
I's bottle after bottle til G-stacks are blown
Shawty in my ear like''please take me home''
Before the next song, come on dawg, we gone
Off to the hotel, motel, the Holiday Inn
She said''if I knew you worked the cat from the back like that
I would've brought my friend'' uh huh huh huh huh
I'm so raw, yeah, I'm so raw
Me I'm so ghetto, I'm oh so hardcore
I'm down by law, this style ya never saw
I give'em just a little then watch'em fiend for more
Yeah, they want more, they hot and they want more
They love the way I kick it, they addicted to your boy
I'm ecstasy, I'm the ultimate trip
I have ya in the morning like a dope fiend sick
Now feel the rush, I'm like pure cocaine
I have the whole night club going insane
No matter how rich I get I'm never gonna change
I will let it rain, push me, I let it rain
I do this shit myself, lawyer money ain't a thang
The unit is the gang, the yin and the yang
We went from poor to rich, now look we the shit
You best control your bitch or she'll be in the six
Uh huh huh huh huh
I'm fresh to death, I'm rocking the vest
I'm strapped moving'round with the heat
I said I do it the best, I'm not the one you should test
That's why my name ring bells in the street
I put that work in, yeah yeah
I put that work in, yeah yeah
I put that work in, yeah yeah
I put that work in, yeah yeah
I don't really think she want me back then, she want me now
She can play games all she wants, she cannot pretend, she like my style
I got swag now, I got paper, I'm rolling in the dough, I'm caked up
I got swag now, I got paper, I'm swimming in the dough, I'm caked up
I was a real bum now I'm really rich, kid
I come through the hood in some really, really sick shit
The Rolls, the roof gone, your flows, they're lukewarm
I's why you're not me; nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
She like the kid, my lifestyle what she wanting
Bottle after bottle by the bar, I be stunting
I's Gucci this, Gucci that, Gucci hat
Big doofy gat, hit you in your kufi hat
You know me, I told your ass in'03 
Get Rich or Die
G-5 I fly, write my name in the sky
Pick an island on the map, I been to it
Shorty wanna try anal, her friends do it
Wrists rocked up shining, flawless diamonds
You could hardly see the face on my Audemar time and
On that J.T. shit, me I'm bringing sexy back
Louis belt wrapped around right where the TEC be at
Getting paper's my objective, yup, now your chain gone
One false move and clap, now your brain's gone
You like me, you aight with me; me? I'm into me
I destroy my enemies even if they're kin to me
Do'em like the Kennedy's, ching-ching that's mo' bread
Say something slick out your mouth I'll come for your head
She likes me more than you can imagine
Bad bitch, look like she fell up out a pageant
Closest I'mma get to heaven in this lifetime
Is right below her waist in between her thighs
Call her Pussycat, that's my nickname for her
And I ain't got to buy shit or run game on her
See when I stunt she stunt, we stunt together
Oh, you don't like how that sound? Aw nigga whatever
We both rock Bugarri, both push Ferrari's
I go so hard in the paint, I'm sorry
You want me? I want you - plug one? Plug two
I'm infinitely special, girl
The Lord's gonna bless you if you do what I tell you to do
You want me? I want you - you want a Benz? I'll buy two
You should want me like you want success
Girl, with us together we'll be better than the best
Why settle for less? 
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Be a millionaire, be a-be a millionaire
I don't play no games 
So when I’m in that thang 
Come show me, see what I mean, see what I mean
See what I mean
I said little mama put me on 
Bet I'll have you gone 
Come show to me 
Come see what I mean, see what I mean, see what I mean
First is her neck, yeah, then her back
Me I'm a freak, I get into all that
Girl, I'll perform for ya like a porno star
'Til you've had enough then I just need a little bit more
New music, new mood, new position
New erotic sounds, it's going down, now listen
I can hear your heartbeat, you're sweatin'
I could paint a perfect picture
I get deeper and deeper, I told ya I'd get ya
I’d work that, murk that, just the way you like it, baby
Turn a quickie into an all-nighter maybe
Your sex drive it match my sex drive
Then we be moving as fast as a Nascar rides
Switch gears, slow down, go down, whoa now
You could feel every inch of it when we intimate
I use my tongue, baby, a little sprung maybe
I had your head spinning saying''50 so crazy''
I don't play no games 
So when I’m in that thang 
Come show me, see what I mean, see what I mean
See what I mean
I said little mama put me on 
Bet I'll have you gone 
Come show to me 
Come see what I mean, see what I mean, see what I mean
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Be a millionaire, be a-be a millionaire
Girl, I want you to give me what you got then give me more
Baby, you could start on top or all-fours
You know I like it when you get in to it
Don't nobody do it, uh, like I do it
Feel a rush from my touch
Get intoxicated, drunk off my love, call it Hennessy thug
Passion, you laughin', I make you smile on the regular
Tell me what you want, shawty, and that's what I'mma get to ya
Yo, I need you to be what I need more than liquor and weed
I need you to maybe give me a seed
I need you to give me a reason to breath
I need you, I'm telling you this so you know what I need
I'll be your part time or full time lover, significant other
Don’t matter which way it go, I'm oh so gutter
Girl, you could get it however you wanna get it
I’m feeling you, still I'm feeling you right now, I'mma get it
I don't play no games 
So when I’m in that thang 
Come show me, see what I mean, see what I mean
See what I mean
I said little mama put me on 
Bet I'll have you gone 
Come show to me 
Come see what I mean, see what I mean, see what I mean
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me, baby, be a millionaire
Be a millionaire, be a-be a millionaire
D-D-Do you, do-do, do you think about me? 
Do you, do you, do you think about me? 
Do you think, do you think, do-do-do you think about me? 
Do you, do you, do you, do you think about me? 
You think about money when you think about me, huh? 
I's why my ex my ex, you don't wanna be her
She used to have the Beemer, now she own a sneaker
I had her eating lobster, now she eating pizza
I think about Easter when I think about Keyshia
Shorty stay fly, that's why I keep her
Round like the reefer, brown Mona Lisa
She good if I leave her, she got her own Visa
Think about them when you think about fronting
Think about stunting when you think about me
I'm the boss, Bentley or the Porsche? 
Overseas see jet ski's slide across
I love the way you dress, now take it off
Put your legs high on my shoulders of course
I'm racing through your mind, but you already lost
I'm at the finish line and you're a friend of mine
Come on, let's ride
Just a little bit, every now and then
Goddamn girl, we used to be friends
Just a little bit, just a little bit
Just a little bit, just a little bit
I think like a hustler, I'm thinking'bout a shipment
She thinking I'm her hustler, she thinking'bout commitment
I's like Paul Mc
Cartney's stuck in my head
He fell in love with a bitch who walked away on one leg
She ain't even have to run to get away with the bread
That's some fucked up shit, think about that, kid
I'm thinking what this bitch thinking when she take me to court
I pay my child support, what the fuck she want? 
This relationship shit is too much for me
I wanna fuck, be friends and live comfortably
She wanna shine and blow mines on shopping spree's
She should have what she want, just not from me
I'm thinking'bout my future, she brought up my past
She don't care about me, she just want some cash
I'm thinking damn, girl, we used to be friends
How did shit become all about ends? 
Do you think about me? 
I know you think about me
You got to remember all the good times we had
Just a little bit, just a little bit
Just a little bit, just a little bit
Just a little bit, just a little bit
Just a little bit
I remember when you told me
That I'll always be special to you, darling
You were so special to me, do you think about me?
Okay, okay, okay 
Okay, okay, okay 
When they talk about me they say I be tripping 
What they say about me doesn't make me mad 
I think they hating cause they see me when I'm rolling 
Man, I can't help it that they really doing bad 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
I'm in that 760 leaning when I'm stunting
I blow 50 G's, I mean with ease like this is nothing
Please don't interrupt me when I'm talking to my jeweler
He's putting them diamonds all over my Franck Muller
Me I get busy, I put that work in if it's worth it
Come through hit you up, I'll make a crime scene perfect
Niggas talk about me all the time behind my back
They don't talk about me in my face because I'm strapped
See me in the club, I got that Henny and that'gnac
A couple cups of that and I just don't know how to act
By the second bottle that's when I just get to buzzing
I said I run New York and ain't nobody saying nothing 
When they talk about me they say I be tripping 
What they say about me doesn't make me mad 
I think they hating cause they see me when I'm rolling 
Man, I can't help it that they really doing bad 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
I blew a hundred G's on my bitches in Miami
They think I'm the sweetest thing invented since candy
Me I catch amnesia when you ask me'bout the shotty
I don't even know my name, switching lanes in my Bugatti
Nigga, I ain't crazy, bitches like me cause I'm paid
They want me, Le
Bron, Kobe or Dwyane Wade
When I say I'm balling I'm not talking'bout a ball
I'm talkin''bout Tiffany & Co. stones out the mall
Niggas they can hate all they want, but they know they like this
Me I'm like that painting on the wall, baby I'm priceless
You could come and work me over, baby, on the night shift
Catch me on the night shift, see how freaky I get 
When they talk about me they say I be tripping 
What they say about me doesn't make me mad 
I think they hating cause they see me when I'm rolling 
Man, I can't help it that they really doing bad 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
Okay, alright 
Okay, you're right 
Okay, okay, okay, okay - sho' you right
Okay, okay, okay, okay - you know you right
Okay, alright, okay, alright
Okay, alright, okay, you're right
I gave her books to read, fed her mind with knowledge
Gave her street smarts, shit you can't get in college
She's a reflection of me so you know she the shit
If I'm a star she a star, if I'm rich she rich
That's my dog
I tell her stay she wanna go, I tell her go she wanna stay
That's my dog
You know a bitch don't usually mean nothing to me, that's right
But that's my dog I go left, she go right, I go up, she go down
She couldn't listen that, she ain't around
So ungrateful screaming''I hate you''
She must got amnesia, bitch I made you
Now just think, just think that could've been you
Just think, that should've been you
Yeah, with me, I share the world with you
But you ain't ride with a rider so I ain't fucking with you
Say, say, say girl, come here, no, you, no, her, yeah, you, go
The reason you didn't get dick
Because you got your nose up your ass like your smelling your shit
But tonight you met your match
Cause I be smelling my shit too, now how you like that? 
You could've had this dude and anything you choose
And now girl you lose cause I ain't fucking with ya
Shopping spree's, drop top hair blowing in the wind
Living lavish, instead it's your girlfriend
But you tripping while we sipping
In the back of the club big tipping
She say it hurts when you supposed to win then you lose
You were supposed to be sure, baby, you was confused
I had a thing for you, I had a ring for you
House, cars, kids and a pet name for you
Pussycat, told you I'd make it, you ain't believe
I guess cause coming up was hard it was easy to leave
Now think about it, maybe I'm right, maybe I'm wrong
Either way shorty, life goes on
When you around, my smile's a grin, my thoughts are a sin
You ask me can we try again, I ain't fucking with you
I's on, the club jumping, I'm trying get my liquor and
You wanna suck the dick again, I'm staring at your thicker friends
I guess I'm like Will Smith in 
Pursuit of Happyness
In my hood, we all hustle and in pursuit of the same shit
Now just think, just think, that could've been you
Now just think that should've been you with me
I share the world with you
But you ain't ride with a rider, so I ain't fucking with you
Say, say, say girl, come here, no, you, no, her, yeah, you, go
The reason you didn't get dick
Because you got your nose up your ass like your smelling your shit
But tonight you met your match
Cause I be smelling my shit too, now how you like that? 
You could've had this dude and anything you choose
And now girl you lose cause I ain't fucking with ya
Shopping spree's, drop top hair blowing in the wind
Living lavish, instead it's your girlfriend
And it ain't no other way to put it except
I know you understand it girl, it's so
But you see us in the back of the club
Popping bottles and it could've been you, but nope
Said it could've been - could've been you, yeah
Said it could've been - could've been you
From the day you're born'til the day you die
If you're one of the poor ones you just gotta work hard
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
They putting pressure on me, son, now they want me to snap
End up like X and Whitney in my mansion smoking crack
I'm paranoid, I'm feeling like niggas is trying to get me
Forget the kids, I'm shaving off my fucking head like Britney
Man, Dre won't mix my records, now I need to talk to Jimmy
I'm falling back in my old ways, I'm riding with the semi
Who's calling me? I's Chris, he's on the other line with Diddy
But I don't wanna talk right now, my day is going shitty
Why's Jay rocking that Urkel look, man, isn't he from Marcy? 
They say he's growin dreads and now he's talking like a Yardie
Man, everything is changing, I don't understand a thing
I guess this is that bullshit that all the money brings
I'm on flight
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
My baby mama boyfriend like to talk like he can hurt me
I'm laughing cause she kissed him in his mouth and gave him herpes
That just makes him one of 50 niggas wanting to murk me
Niggas found my truck and burnt it up out there in Jersey
You can ask my son, he'll tell you my dad's fucking crazy
She filled his head with shit and now I think he fuckin' hates me
Shady didn't invent me but a star is what he made me
I'll blow your fuckin' mind out if I told you what he paid me
He gave me all the pills he had left, that's why I'm so high
It makes me feel so good now that I'm not so scared to die
I wish a nigga would, I dare a motherfucker try
You get at me and miss you kiss your black ass good-bye
I'm on flight
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
My lawyers on retainers every month, I give ‘em stacks
In case they wanna send me up for murder like Max
Man I wasn't the shooter, I was never on the scene
So if they do forensics they'll find out it wasn't me
There's no need for a lie detector, I ain't sayin shit
The more you talk the higher chances you're doing a bid
Today I read the paper, it said Tru Life caught a case
They said they found a victim with a knife stuck in his face
I spoke to Michael Vick, I told him I'm happy he home
You tell them crackers sorry nigga then you get back on
When dogs are fighting in the hood nobody gives a fuck
So you get back and shake it on the field, show them what's up
I'm on flight
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
One-eighty-seven, one-eighty-seven
Departure from the hood, destination hell or heaven
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
I'm a rider, say I'm a rider
Have a baby by me baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me baby, be a millionaire
Have a baby by me baby, be a millionaire-aire
Be a millionaire, be a - be a millionaire
Shawty said take it off, I'll take it off
Climb right out of my clothes
Want me to break you off, I'll break you off
'Til your love come down on yo' walls
I'm extremely focused, sweatin I'm strokin
I better get you open
I'll leave your headboard broken, you think I'm jokin
I bet I'll get you open
First it's her neck, yeah then her back
Yeah I'm a freak, I get into all that
Girl I'll perform for ya, like a porno star
'Til ya had enough then I just need a little bit more
New music, new move, new position
New erotic sounds, it's goin down now listen
I can hear your heartbeat, you're sweatin I can paint a perfect picture
I get deeper and deeper, I told ya I'll get ya
I'll work that, murk that, just the way you like it baby
Turn a quickie into an all-nighter maybe
Your sex drive, it match my sex drive
Then we be movin as fast as a NASCAR, right? 
Switch gears slow down, go down whoa now
You can feel every inch of it when we intimate
I'll use my tongue baby, I'll leave you sprung maybe
I'll have ya head spinnin sayin 50's so crazy
 + 
 Girl I want you to give me what you got then give me more
Baby you could start on top or all fours
You know I like it, when you get into it
Don't nobody do it, uh, like I do it
Feel the rush, from my touch, get intoxicated
Drunk off my love, call the Hennessy thug
Passion you're laughin, I'll make you smile on the regular
Tell me what you want, shorty that's what I'mma get for ya
I need you to be what I need, more than liquor and weed
I need you to maybe give me a seed
I need you to give me reason to breathe
I need you, I'm tellin you so now you know what I need
I'd be ya part-time or full-time lover, significant other
Don't matter which way it go, I'm oh so gutter
Girl you could get it however you wan' get it
I'm feelin you, still I'm tellin you right now, get it
 + 
 Shawty said take it off, I'll take it off
Want me to break you off, I'll break you off
What you saying boy, boy? 
Ha ha - said what you saying boy? 
See, the weak get walked on, the soft get barked on
See me, I never ever ever run
Niggas say the wrong shit to me like he wanna do me
Somebody be at him with my gun
What you saying, boy? You think I'm playing, boy? 
Watch your mouth, girl, this a man's world
What you saying, boy? You think I'm playing, boy? 
Watch your mouth, girl, this a man's world
Listen, nigga you play me and I'mma go crazy
You push me I'mma motherfucking trip
I come tripping through your set busting off my TEC
I gives a fuck if you's a Blood or a Crip
Nigga from J.F.K. to L.A.X., I'm back through the sets again
Gangsta life, that's right, crazy-ass Mexicans
Do it the raw way, broad day, AK
Spray cause a melee, mayday mayday
Freak bitch suck me on tape like Ray J
Niggas that I'm up against know they can't fade me
I'm the last one, you know the last don
She know she wanna come, bitch, bring your ass on
See, I come from the Southside where niggas is outside
Right now with the rubber grips
Niggas say they gon' see me to hit'em on G.P
Then I bless'em with the chains full of bricks
When you come from where I'm from you come from the bottom
They ain't supposed to get this rich
So the Fed's got my phone tapped to treat me like Fat Cat
Now I'm thinking man, ain't this a bitch? 
Niggas stick cola in cola, from moving the yola
Next thing you know they up in your crib
Saying''where's the stash at? '' You move they gon' blast that
So I suggest you stand still, kid
This a man's world
Watch your mouth girl, this a man's worldFirst I want to thank God, Momma Anna, Pops, and my grandparents, Marquise, G Money, Uncle Michael, Uncle Rook and Uncle Horace. My aunts Annie, Laurie and Geraldine. Sylvia, David, Bobby, Meeka, Keisha, Sahar, John
My Shady/Aftermath/Interscope team: Eminem, Tracy Mc
New, Riggs Morales, Paul Rosenberg/Dr. Dre, Kirdis Postelle/Jimmy Iovine, Steve Berman, Step Johnson, Ravid Yosef, Les Scurry, Susan Hilderly, Todd Douglas, Don Robinson, Faithe, Yvette Gayle, Jennifer Zeller, Mike Cole, Andrew Ibea, Adam Favors, Troy Marshall, Garrett Williams, Garnett March and the urban staff, Nino Cuccinello and the crossover radio staff, Karen Rait and Brenda and the top 40 staff
Randall Emmett and Dom at me Cheetah Vision Films company
My book partner Robert 
The 50th Law Greene
My G Unit family: Lloyd Banks and Tony Yayo. Ky Miller and Sha Money
My G Unit staff and the entire team at WWW.BOOBOOTV.COM AND WWW.THISIS50.COM
Uhh.. uhh
Uhh.. uhh
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Wake up Mr. West, Mr. West
Mr. Fresh, Mister, by himself he's so impressed
I mean damn, did you even see the test? 
You got D's, muthafucka D's, Rosie Perez
And yer ass barely passed any and every class
Looking at every ass, cheated on every test
I guess, this is my dissertation
Homie this shit is basic, welcome to Graduation
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning, on this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like the fly Malcolm X, buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets to the league, from an eighth to a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain, look how far we done came
Haters saying you changed, now you doing your thang
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning! 
Good morning, look at the valedictorian
Scared of the future while I hop in the De
Lorean
Scared to face the world, complacent career student
Some people graduate, but be still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preachers, teach us, Jesus
Okay look up now, they done stole yo' streetness
After all of that you received this
Good morning! 
Every time that we hear them
Good morning! 
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning! 
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning! 
Hustlers that's if you're still living, get on down
Get on down
Get, get on down
Get on down
Get, get on down
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little something, show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
You don't see just how wild the crowd is
You don't see just how fly my style is
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know, I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted layaway or a deposit
My dad'd say when you see clothes, close your eyelids
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie, I ain't talkin''bout the rich ones
Cause every summer, he'd get some
Brand new harebrained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school with a new wardrobe
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
I think he did
When he packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everything I wanted, man it seem so serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill said her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'Cause who the kids gon' listen to, huh? 
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the dropout keepin' kids in the school
I guess I cleaned up my act like Prince'd do
If not for pleasure, then at least for the principle
They got the CD, they got to see me
Drop gems like I dropped out of PE
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up stand up here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
This is the story of a champion
Runners on their mark and they pop their guns
Stand up stand up here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Tell me what it takes to be number one
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
Yes I did
So I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everybody want it, but it ain't that serious
Mhm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this... like this
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes? 
Work it, make it, do it, makes us
Harder, better, faster, stronger
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say, right? 
Awesome, the Christian in Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make'em like this anymore
I ask, ‘cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore? 
Bow in the presence of greatness
‘Cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit
'Specially in my Pastellé, on my Bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New Gospel, homie, take six
And take this, haters! 
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
 me likey
 I don't know if you got a man or not
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin', this drink got me saying a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me
So how the hell could you front on me? 
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment, right? 
‘Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde dyke
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Uh, baby, you're makin' it
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Don't act like I never told ya
Baby, you're makin' it
N-now th-that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
‘Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
‘Cause I can't get much wronger
Man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I been on ya
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
Right now! 
Work it harder, make it better
Do it faster, makes us stronger
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya
You know how long I've been on ya
Since Prince was on Apollonia
Since O.J. had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never told ya…told ya told ya told ya
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Never over…Never over… Never over… Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger 
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger 
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger 
Never over…
Work it, harder make it better do it, faster makes us
Stronger 
Never over…
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
I've been waiting on this my whole life
These dreams be waking me up at night
You say I think I'm never wrong
You know what, maybe you're right, aight
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
You say he get on your fucking nerves
You hope that he get what he deserves, word
Do you even remember what the issue is? 
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet
And that's what intuition is
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib
Run back to their arms
The smokescreens
The chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really means? 
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams
And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's why I'm
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hotlines
Why he keep giving me hot lines? 
I'm a star, how could I not shine? 
How many ladies in the house? 
How many ladies in the house without a spouse? 
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
What you about? 
On that independent shit
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
You ever wonder what it all really mean? 
You wonder if you’ll ever find your dreams?
Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I gots to shine
I, go, go for mine, I gots to shine
I'ma get on the TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
 ayyy  ayyy
 ayyy  I'm good
 Welcome to the good life, where niggas who sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living spree
Shit, they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi
Ah! 
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry! 
Yo, it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me, go'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let'em hate and watch the money pile up
The good life
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
Ayy  ayy 
Ayy  ayy 
Welcome to the good life! 
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
Cause they got mo' 
The good life, so keep it comin' with the bottles
Cause she feel booze like she bombed at Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C
It feel like V.A. or the Bay or Yay
Ay, this is the good life 
Homey tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood 
Like I'm new in the hood
The only thing I wish, I wish a nigga would 
He probably think he could
But, but, I don't think he should 
50 told me, go'head, switch the style up
And if they hate then let'em hate and watch the money pile up
The good life
Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
Now I, I go for mine, I gots to shine
I'ma get on the TV momma, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
 ayyy  ayyy
 ayyy  I'm good
 Have you ever popped champagne on a plane, while gettin' some brain
Whipped it out, she said 
I never seen Snakes on a Plane
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get this
Havin' money's not everything, not havin' it is
I was splurgin' on Tryst, but when I get my card back
Activated, I'm back to Vegas
Cause  I always had a passion for flashin'
Befo' I had it, I closed my eyes and imagined the good life
Better than the life I lived
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
And now my grandmomma
Ain't the only girl callin me baby
If you feelin me now
Then put yo' hands up in the sky, and let me hear you say
Heyy, heyy, ooooh I'm GOOD!
La, la, la la 
Wait'til I get my money right
I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given, much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do, act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My Momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from
La, la, la la
Wait'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right? 
Excuse me, was you saying something? 
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell ya who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking'bout, 
Back in my day
But homie this is my day
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late? 
No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it
They say I talk with so much emphasis
Ooh they so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apolog'ing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then
La, la, la la
Wait'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right? 
Excuse me, was you saying something? 
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes'cause
How he move in a room full of no's? 
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes? 
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure, what's your pleasure? 
Life is a, UH, depending how you dress her
So if the Devil wear Prada, Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between but way more fresher
With way less effort,'cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like why God
When they reminisce over you, my God
La, la, la la
Wait'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right? 
Excuse me, was you saying something? 
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
La, la, la la
Wait'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right? 
I's what you all been waiting for ain't it? 
What people pay paper for damn it, they can't stand it
They want something new, so let's get reacquainted
Became the hood favorite, I can't even explain it, I surprise myself too
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds
We outta here baby! 
We outta here baby! 
We outta here baby! 
We outta here baby! 
Dude! Fresh off the plane, Konnichiwa, bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
Ask for it I did it, that asshole done did it
Talked it then he lived it, spit it then he shit it
I don't need writers, I might bounce ideas
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
I've been a very good sport, haven't I, this year
They say he going crazy and we seen this before
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no Lo-head? 
'Cause my Dior got me more model head
I'm insulted, you should go'head
And bow so hard until your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top 5 MCs, you ain't gotta remind me
Top 5 MCs: you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you could get behind me
But my head's so big you can't sit behind me
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Uh-uh-hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds
Yeah, yeah, we outta here baby! 
Wha, wha, we outta here baby! 
Hey Mr. West we so outta here baby
And me, I'm Mr. Weezy Baby, yeah
I'm so bright not shady
My teeth and my ice so white like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I'm so fucking good like I'm sleeping with Meagan
I'm all about my Franklins, Lincolns and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops, I meant have them,  I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
I'm such a hay-vic, oops I meant havoc
And my drink's still pinker than the Easter rabbit
And I'm still cole like Keyshia's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties
And I ate it cause I'm so avid, no homo
I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice and I don't lack shit
And you can get buried, suck my bat, bitch
We outta here baby! 
We outta here baby! 
Life of a Don, lights keep glowing
Coming in the club with that fresh shit on
With something crazy on my arm
Ha-Ha-Hum, and here's another hit, Barry Bonds
La-da-da da-da da-da da-da da-da da
Blap! 
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
Driving around town looking for the best spot
For the drunk and hot girls
Up in the club look at here what we got
Some drunk and hot girls
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking'bout your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab'cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
I don't want to drop your friends off, I just want you
You drunk and hot girl
You want to sit down but we hit the drive-thru
You drunk and hot girl
Please don't fall asleep, baby, we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car, we almost crashed
Oh, now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk and hot girl
We go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
She go through too much bullshit
Just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
Love the dangerous necessity that people seek
Without regard to where they are
The human heart is curious
Above all things, love, the lights are low, your eyes are bright
The music plays, it's sweet delight
I's out of sight, I'm feeling right
Your dress is tight
Oh howwwwww, I want you right now
Don't tell me, you sing, you about to get a deal
You drunk and hot girl
Ah da da da da. That's how the fuck you sound
You drunk and hot girl, yeah
You only live once, do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
Flashing lights, flashing lights
Flashing lights, flashing lights
She don't believe in shootin' stars
But she believe in shoes and cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's departments
You more like love to start shit
I'm more of the trips to Florida
Ordered the hors d'oeuvres, views of the water
Straight from a page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man, why can't life always be this easy? 
She in the mirror dancin' so sleazy
I get a call, like, 
Where are you, Yeezy? 
And try to hit you with the ol-wu-wopte
'Til I got flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these niggas got me
I hate these niggas more than a Nazi
As I recall I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? 
What do I know? 
I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hardly talk, I was doin' my thang
I know it was foul, baby
Aye, babe, lately, you've been all on my brain
And if somebody would've told me a month ago
Frontin' though: yo, I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody would've told me a year ago
I'll go get this difficult
Feeling like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum
I'm just sayin', hey, Mona Lisa
Come home, you know you can't roam without Caesar
As I recall I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? 
What do I know? 
As you recall you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
What do you know? 
What do you know? 
Damn, here we go again
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam
Now everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I'll never be picture-perfect Beyoncé
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet? He was as black as the street was
I'll never be as laid back as this beat was
I never could see why people reach a
Fake-ass facade that they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up? 
You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah? 
I'll never rock a mink coat in the wintertime like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like will.i.am
Let me know if you feel it, man
'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am
 
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
And I'm back to tear it up
Haters start your engines, I hear'em gearing up
People talk so much shit about me at barbershops
They forget to get their hair cut
Okay, fair enough, the streets is flaring up
'Cause they want gun talk, or I don't wear enough
Baggy clothes, Reeboks, or A-di-dos
Can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
So say goodbye to the NAACP Award
Goodbye to the India Arie Award
They'd rather give me the N-nigga Please Award
But I'll just take the I Got a Lot of Cheese Award
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
I know people wouldn't usually rap this
But I got the facts to back this
Just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets
Man, killing's some wack shit
Oh, I forgot,'cept for when niggas is rappin'
Do you know what it feel like when people is passin'? 
He got changed over his chains a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
The church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
Pink slip on my door,'cause I can't afford to stay
My fifteen seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please, no more today
Damn, here we go again
Everybody saying what's not for him
But everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
Talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
In my soul
Gonna take you to the glory
Goal, in my mind I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Can I talk my shit again? 
Even if I don't hit again? 
Dog, are you fucking kidding? 
My hat, my shoes, my coat
Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatella Versace
That's Louis Vuitton, bitch
I think Hennessy, I drink, I'm gone
Off that Bacardi Limon and Corona. I'm zonin'
Class back in session so I upped it a grade
In two years Dwayne Wayne became Dwyane Wade
And hey, please don't start me
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley
I'm pop the Barkers, I'm hood the Parkers
While y'all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
Married to the game, rock a chain'steada wedding ring
Y'all bridesmaids catch the garter
On nights when'Ye romance
Cameras flash so much
That I gotta do that Yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with Common, my man
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van
I's easy
The hood love to listen to Jeezy and Weezy
And, oh yeah, Yeezy
I did it for the glory
Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I did it for the glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
What am I supposed to do now? 
Man the game all messed up
How I'm suppose to stand out when everybody get dressed up? 
So yeah, at the Grammys I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little guido
But with my ego
I can stand there in a Speedo
And be looked at like a fucking hero
The glory, the story, the chain, the polo, the night
The grind, the empty bottles of No-Doz
Tank on empty, whipping my mamma's Volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logos
The fur is Hermes, shit that you don't floss
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss
Why I gotta ask what that TUDOR cost? 
House on the hill
Two doors from Tracey Ross
And I'm asking about her girlfriends
Yeah, the dark skin'ed ones
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented'em
When you meet me in person what do you feel like? 
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to big a lot
You know B.I.G. and Pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to B.I.G
Any one: Big Pun, Big L or Notorious
'Till then, get money and stunt and stay glorious
And I'm gonna stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
Yeah I'mma stop killing these niggas soon as the chorus hit
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory
Yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
The glory
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the South Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
Now where the West Side
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study no, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
I can't study war, yeah my
And you say Chi city! 
Chi city! Chi city! 
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? 
Do you think about me now and then? 
‘Cause I'm comin' home again
I met this girl when I was 3 years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, 
Excuse me, lil homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees
And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from out of town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tore'em off
And make'em straighten up their hat
‘Cause she know they soft
And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
In the nighttime her face lit up, so astoundin'
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never messed with entertainers cause they always leave
She said, 
It felt like they walked and drove on me
Knew I was gang affiliated, got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, 'Ye, keep making that, keep making that
Keep making that platinum and gold for me! 
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? 
Do you think about me now and then? 
Cause I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? 
Do you think about me now and then? 
Now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again
But if you really cared for her, then you wouldn't have never hit the airport to follow your dreams
Sometimes I still talk to her, but when I talk to her
It always seems like she talking'bout me
She said, 
You left your kids, and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you
But they just not you and I just got through
Talking'bout what niggas tryin' to do: just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that? When I was back home
Every interview I'm representin' you, makin' you proud
Reach for the stars so if you fall, you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave'em around
If you don't know by now, I'm talking'bout Chi-Town
I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then? 
Do you think about me now and then? 
Cause I'm comin' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? 
Oh, now I'm comin' home again
Baby, do you remember when
Fireworks at Lake Michigan? 
Oh, now I'm comin' home again
Maybe we can start again
Loyee oyeee oh, loyee oyeee oh
Comin' home again
Loyee oyeee oh, loyee oyeee oh
Comin' home again
Maybe we can start again
Stadium status
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
I's the Hard Knock Life Tour, sellout
Picture us in the mall, coppin' Iceberg and yell out 
Jigga
Yeah, that's what we'll yell out, yell out
You know the name do I gotta spell out or tell'bout
J-A-Y, and'Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, 
He could change your life
With all these beats I did, at least let him hear it
At least you can brag to ya friends back at the gig
But he got me out me out my momma crib
Then he help me get my momma a crib
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin
Begin, Begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands? 
Fresh off the plane, I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out, I'm'bout to take mine
'round the same time of that Blueprint 1
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him
I'd play my little songs in that old back room
He'd bob his head and say 
Damn! Oh, that's you? 
But by The Black Album, I was blacking out
Partyin' S.O.B.'s and we had packed a crowd
Big brother got his show up at Madison Square
And I'm like 
Yeah, yeah, we gon' be there but
Not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carline told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay, at a distance
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess I'll understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant? 
Not only a client, the Presidito, hola, Hovito
The game gettin' foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then I dropped 
Jesus Walks now I'm on the steeple
And we know, 
New Jack City got to keep my brother
But to be number one I'mma beat my brother
On that 
Diamonds remix I swore I spazzed
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivalry, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was drivin' me
At the Grammys I said, 
I inspired me
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kicked a flow it like pick-and-roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give-and-go
I guess Beanie's style was more of a slam dunk
But my shit was more like a finger roll
But I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna mingle, yo, heh, y'all know
I told Jay I did a song with Coldplay
Next thing I know he got a song with Coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like, 
Damn, no way
Translate, español: 
No way, José
Then I went and told Jay Brown
Shoulda known that was gonna come back around
Shoulda talked to you like a man, shoulda told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
So here's a few words from ya kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go on'head tell'em
People never get the flowers while they can still smell'em
A idol in my eyes, god of the game
Heart of the City, Roc-a-Fella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number one, Young Hov, also my big brother
My big brother was B.I.G.'s brother
Used to be Dame and Biggs' brother
Who was Hip Hop brother, who was No I.D. friend
No I.D., my mentor, and that's where the story ends
Toomp killed this shit
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'mma just say good night
Right now I can see it so vivid
Like it was just yesterday, like I could relive it
Me and my grandparents on a field trip
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that
Man, I wish I could stop time like a photograph
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh
Man , I wouldn't let a moment pass
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin'? 
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin'? 
What do it mean when you never dream at all then
And you don't really know'cause you can't recall them? 
I's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to
People you never got a chance to say bye to
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams
Into real life , if you try to
So close , but so far 
And so far , no cigar 
We can't dwell on the past, all we got is today
So I'mma live like it's no tomorrow, no goodbyes
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'mma just say good night
Uh, to you
If I part, my art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical
My art will live through you
Dream beautiful and unusual
Wake up like every day new to you
Stay true to you, a hood musical
I don't wanna say goodbye, to you
So I'll just say good night, to you
My people, no goodbyes to you
I'mma just say good night
I'm not sure anymore, more
Who is knocking at my door, door
All the faces that I know
Ja make them so sunny and true
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet
See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
And she claims she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep, bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her? 
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of them bad nights, y'all have a bad fight
And you talk about her family, her aunts and shit
And she say, 
Motherfucker, your momma's a bitch
You know, domestic drama and shit, all the attitude
I'd never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit out of you
But I'mma be the bigger man, big pimpin' like Jigga man
Oh, I guess I figure it's
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you, hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet
See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
And my niggas said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking
And this relationship, it even got me back to drinking
Now this Hennessy, uh, it's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having my child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
'Cause every time that I'd try, you would question me
Saying, 
You fucking them girls, disrespecting me
You don't see how your lies is affecting me? 
You don't see how our life was supposed to be? 
And I never let a nigga get that close to me
And you ain't cracked up to what you were supposed to be
You always gone, you always be where them hoes will be
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me
Bittersweet 
You're gonna be the death of me 
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
See, what I want so much should never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God, talk to me now, this is an emergency
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Good Morning
Why would she make calls out the blue? 
Now I'm awake, sleep 
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will
Mrs. So Fly crash-lands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will
When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool then lose control
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will
I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will
My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card
And all I got was a brand new sports car, oh
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
Dad cracked a joke, all the kids laughed
But I couldn't hear him all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong? 
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
My god-sister getting married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I'd wanna take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave before they even cut the cake
Welcome to heartbreak
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions, I gotta get with it
And I and I can't stop
No, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, I can't stop
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get with it
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? 
Oh, how could you be so heartless? 
How could you be so
Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo? 
Just remember that you talking to me though
You need to watch the way you talking to me, yo
I mean, after all the things that we been through
I mean, after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things, but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back
And you gonna show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? 
Oh, how could you be so heartless? 
How could you be so Dr. Evil? 
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we wasn't gonna speak, so
Why we up 3 AM on the phone? 
Why do she be so mad at me for? 
Homie, I don't know, she's hot and cold
I won't stop, won't mess my groove up
‘Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leavin' me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple of months, then you gon' see
You'll never find nobody better than me
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? 
Oh, how could you be so heartless? 
Talk and talk and talk and talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know about me and you
So I got something new to see
And you just gonna keep hating me
And we just gonna be enemies
I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gonna take off tonight into the night
In the night I hear them talk
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul
To a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless? 
Oh, how could you be so heartless?
I's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing
I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved
And no matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing
I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing
I'm amazing , yeah I'm all that 
If I ain't on my grind then what you call that? 
Victorious, yeah we warriors
We make history, strive for victory 
Standing at my podium, I'm trying to watch my sodium
Die high blood pressure either let the feds catch ya 
I'm amazing born on a full moon
I was bred to get it in, no spoon
That's why I'm so goon, summertime no June
Big family small house, no room
They like 
Oh God, why he go so hard
Look what he's been through, he deserves an applause
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing
I's amazing
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough,'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, SYSTEM OVERLOAD
Screaming, 
No, no, no, n-nooo! 
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you'fore it finally got through? 
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line? 
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
So keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Keeping your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—your love lockdown
Now keep your love lock-down—you lose
You lose
You lose
You lose
You lose
She really thought that? 
Yeah
Yeah. She’s so paranoid
Yeah, that’s good, paranoid
Why are you so paranoid? 
Don't be so paranoid
Don't be so...
Baby, don't worry about it
Lady, don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
Tell me right now
You really wanna spend your whole life alone? 
A little time out might do you good, might do us good
Before we be done for good
Cause I could make it good I could make it hood
I can make you come I can make you go
I can make you high I can make you fly
Make you touch the sky hey maybe so
All of the time
You be up in mine checking through my cell phone, baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night
Here's another fight oh here we go 
Baby don't worry about it
Lady we'll go out to the floor
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
All of the time
You wanna complain about the nights alone
So now you're here with me
Show some gratitude leave the attitude way back at home
Yea you see em look
Baby let em look give us cold looks cause we look cold
Yea you heard about all the word of mouth
Don't worry about what we can't control
All the talk in the world lost in the world
Till you finally let that thing go
You wanna check in to the heartbreak hotel
But sorry we're closed
Baby don't worry about it
Lady we'll go out to the floor
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Baby, don't worry about it
Lady, don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
'Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King's
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like I'm on parole
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it
Cause I don't want no Robocop
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop
Now I don't need no Robocop
Just looking at your history
You're like the girl from Misery
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on
Keep it up enough to keep it going on
I told her there's some things she don't need to know
She never let it go, oh
Okay, okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Okay, okay, okay
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it now
Drop it, drop it
Cause I don't want no Robocop
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop
Now I don't need no Robocop
Stop... drop... roll... pop
Bitch I'm cold... I
Ain't used to being told... stop
So I could never be your robot
Fast or slow, you can stay or can go
Now, now that you know, now, now that you know
Yeah I had her before but that happened before
You get mad when you know, so just don't ask me no more
Ok, ok, ok, uh, uh
It ain't ok, ok, ok
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl 
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl 
Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Haha that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
You need to stop it now
Oh you need to stop it now
Let me know
Do I still got time to grow? 
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me...
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Seems like street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowing, happen to be
Just like moments, passing, in front of me
So I hopped in the cab and I paid my fare
See I know my destination, but I'm just not there
In the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
Waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Didn't you know, I was waiting on you
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
When you decide to break the rules
Cause I just heard some real bad news
People'll talk like it's old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you how long have you known dude
You played it off and act like he's brand new
When you decide, to break the rules
Cause I just heard some real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news
Oh, you just gon' keep another no you won't
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
Oh, you just gon' keep another love for you
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
While I'm waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Oh, you just gon' keep it like you never knew
My face turned to stone when I heard the news
What's on the news? 
Channel cruise
I'm cold! 
I'm cold! 
I'm cold! 
I got the right to put up a fight
But not quite cause you cut off my light
But my sight is better tonight
And I might see you in my nightmare
Ooh, how'd you'd get there
Cause we were once a fairy tale
But this is farewell
I got my life and it's my only one
I got the night, I'm running from the sun
So good night, I'm headed out the door, door, door, door, door
After tonight there will be no return
After tonight I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road
And that you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know
Okay, I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine
You do you cause I'm just gon' be fine
Okay, I got you out my mind
And the night is young, the drinks is cold
The stars is out, I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well, now you know
Tell everybody, everybody that you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know, that you know
I got the right to put up a fight
But not quite cause you cut off my light
But my sight is better tonight
And I might see you in my nightmare
Ooh, how'd you'd get there
Cause we were once a fairy tale
But this is farewell, yeah
Baby girl I'm finished
I thought we were committed
I thought we were cemented
I really thought we meant it
But now we just repent it
And now we just resent it
The clouds is in my vision
Look how high that I be getting
And it's all because of you
Girl we through
You think your shit don't stank
But you are Mrs. Pee-Yew
And I don't see you
With me no more
Now tell everybody that you know
That you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know
That you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing that you know
That you know
On lonely nights, I start to fade
On lonely nights, I start to fade
Her love's a thousand miles away
Her love's a thousand miles away
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again? 
Memories made in the coldest winter
I's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep
I's 4 a.m. and I can't sleep
Her love is all that I can see
Her love is all that I can see
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again? 
Memories made in the coldest winter, winter, winter
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again? 
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again? 
Goodbye my friend, will I ever love again? 
If spring can take the snow away
If spring can take the snow away
Can it melt away all of our mistakes
Can it melt away all of our mistakes
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend, I won't ever love again
Never again
Wise man say, wise man say
Wise man say
You'll never figure out real love
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love
I's so crazy, crazy-crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason I can never find what real love is about
No doubt
Everything in the world figured out
But I can never seem to find what real love was about
Do you think I sacrifice, real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
Do you think I sacrifice, a real life
For all the fame, and flashing lights
There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
To get my heart, out of this hell
And my mind, out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn, back in time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back, a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like? 
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
To live a real life
I just wanna be a real boy
They always say 
Kanye, he keeps it real boy
Pinocchio's story is, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, to be a real boy
I's funny
Pinocchio, lied, and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth, and I keep running
I's like I'm lookin for something out there, tryna find something
I turn on the TV, and see me, and see nothing
What does it feel like, to live real life, to be real
Not some facade on TV that no one can really feel
Do you really have the stamina? 
For everybody that sees you that say, 
Where's my camera? 
For everybody that sees you, to say sign a autograph
For everybody that sees you cryin, say you oughta laugh
You oughta laugh! ? 
I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes, I just wanna be a real boy
Pinocchio's story goes
And there is no Gepetto, to guide me
No one, right beside me
The only one, was behind me
I can't find her no more, I can't follow no more
I can't..
The only one that come out on the tour and stays
Back when I was livin' at home and this was all a big dream
And the fame will be get got
And the day I moved to L.A., maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy, chasin' the American dream
Chasin' everything we seen, up on the TV screen
And when uh, the Benz was left, and the clothes was left
And the hoes was left, you talk the hoes to death
Thinkin' the money that the-
You spend the dough to death
And tell me what be left, for a real boy! 
They say 
Kanye, you keep it too real boy
Perspective, and wise man say
One day, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
Wise man say
Oh, ho-ho-ho! 
I knew I was gon' see, I knew I was gon' see you again! Knew I was gon' see you again! 
Where your goddamn book bag at? 
Always carryin' that lil' book bag, nobody wants to see that! 
Goddamn 4th grader, sit your ass down! 
He wanna play it again like he got somethin' else to do
You ain't got somethin' else to do! 
You ain't doin' nothin' wit' your life, notin' wit' your life! 
You think this is? 
You better look at me when I'm talkin' to you! 
You think this shit easy, don't you? 
You think this is promised! 
Well ain't nothin' promised to you! 
Look at my face, do I got a promised face? 
Does it look like I promised you anything? 
Kanye, nigga-is you snorin' in my class? 
Wake up Mr. West!
Wake up Mr. West - Mr. West - Mr. West...
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea
And I heard'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today
Can I at least get a raise of the minimum wage? 
And I know that the government administer AIDS
So I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allāhu Akbar and throw him some hot cars
Things we see on the screen that's not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars - I know it
Uh, and I heard'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
They say people in your life are seasons
And anything that happen is for a reason
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezing
And Gran keep praying and keep believing
In Jesus, and one day that you see him
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him
The devil is alive I feel him breathin
Claiming money is the key, so keep on dreamin
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us
My Aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down
So now my little cousin smokin them cigarettes now
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now
Is it cause his skin blacker than licorice now
I can't figure it out, I'm sick of it now
Uh, and I heard'em say, nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And I heard'em say
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
But we'll a find a way
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
With every worthless word we get more far away
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today
And nothing last forever but be honest babe
It hurts but it may be the only way
Uh, yea, uh, yea, uh, yea
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Back when they thought pink Polos would hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop
The doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the locks
Now let's go, take'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in that U-Haul van
Any pessimists, I ain't talk to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apart-a-ment
Let's take'em back to the club
Least about an hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance, I went to Jacob an hour
After I got my advance, I just wanted to shine
Jay favorite line: 
Dawg, in due time! 
Now he look at me, like, 
Damn, dawg! You where I am! 
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in that accident, ‘cause this must be Heaven
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'ma touch the sky
Now let's take them hi-ah-igh-igh-igh-ighhhh
A-la-la-la-lah-la-lahhhhh
Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say I got it
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket
Before anybody wanted K. West beats
Me and my girl split the bucket at KFC
Dog, I was havin' nervous breakdowns
Like 
Man, these niggas that much better than me? 
Baby, I'm goin' on an aeroplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different
Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryin' to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
Yes, yes, yes, guess who's on third? 
Lupe steal like Lupin the 3rd
Here like ear'til I'm beer on the curb
Peachfuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But, before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm layin' on the street
I'm tryna stop lyin' like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lyin' when I'm layin' on the beat, en garde
Or touché, Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
Come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are, like uh
I gotta testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl, testify
Come up in the spot lookin' extra fly
'Fore the day you die, you gon' touch the sky
We back at home, baby! 
Sky high, I’m, I’m sky high! 
I’m, I’m sky high! 
I’m, I’m sky high! 
I’m, I’m sky high! 
I’m, I’m sky high! 
Sky, sky high! I’m, I’m sky high! 
Yeah, keep it rollin'! 
Yeah, uh, feels good to be home, baby! 
Feels good to be home!
She take my money when I'm in need
Yeah, she's a triflin' friend indeed
Oh, she's a gold digger
Way over town that digs on me
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head
 Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said: 
I can tell you rock, I can tell by your charm
Far as girls, you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm.
But I'm lookin' for the one, have you seen her? 
My psychic told me she'll have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad asses to Show
Biz? 
Okay, get your kids, but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to din' and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl, then you better be paid
You know why? It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend said she used to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say, I still love her
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head
 Eighteen years, eighteen years
She got one of your kids, got you for eighteen years
I know somebody payin' child support for one of his kids
His baby mama car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Super Bowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty Tyco with your money
She went to the doctor, got lipo with your money
She walkin' around lookin' like Michael with your money
Shoulda got that insured, Geico for your money
If you ain't no punk
Holla, 
We want prenup! We want prenup!  
I's somethin' that you need to have
‘Cause when she leave yo' ass, she gon' leave with half
Eighteen years, eighteen years
And on the 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his? ! 
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Now, I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
 But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head
 Now, I ain't sayin' you a gold digger, you got needs
You don't want a dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay, y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But while y'all washin', watch him
He gon' make it to a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look at his eyes
This week he moppin' floors, next week it's the fries
So stick by his side
I know there's dudes ballin', and yeah, that's nice
And they gonna keep callin' and tryin', but you stay right, girl
And when you get on, he'll leave yo' ass for a white girl
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head, get down
 Get down girl, go'head
 Let me hear that backI brought you brothers here today to start our own fraternity
Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it
Broke Phi Broke 
No, we have no money
We are sharin' jeans
If I go outside, I got the only clothing on
How many cars do we own? 
How many cars do we own? 
Should we let our woman go and be with the cat in the car? 
Yes, we will
Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me! 
Say it! 
So we ain't drivin'!
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
My homie Mali used to stay at 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street from Calumet, a school full of Stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they would leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
And walked around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Daytons in his hand
Keys in his hand, reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Ellesses, he had dreams of Caprices
Drove by the teachers, even more by polices
How'd he get the cash? The day his father passed away
Left him with a lil' somethin', sixteen, he was stuntin'
Al B. Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit Lake Shore, girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway, go at least'bout eighty
Boned so much that summer, even had him a baby
See back-back then-then, if you had a car
You was the Chi-Town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin, a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'd take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had they Lincolns and Auroras, we was hurtin'em all
With the girls a lot of flirtin' involved, but dog
Fuck all that flirtin', I'm tryin' to get in some drawers
So put me on with these hoes, homie
He told me don't rush to get grown, drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
What it do? I'm posted up in the parking lot, my trunk waving
The candy gloss is immaculate, it's simply amazing
Them elbows pokin' wide on that candy'Lac
Trunk open, screens on, neons lit with fifth relaxed
I'm on a mission for dime-pieces and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
I's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them fours crawling? You see them screens falling? 
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm ballin'
I'm leaning on the switch, sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boppers if I drove a cab
A young Houston hardhitter all about the scrilla
Ridin' something candy coated, crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on them fours, I'm jamming on that Screw
I'm looking for them hoes, baby, what it do? Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
If you're riding around the city with nowhere to go
Live today, cause tomorrow, man, you never know
My car's like the movie, my car's like the crib
I got more TVs in here than where I live
And that don't make no sense, but baby, I'm the shit
And everything I flip, you know it's something serious
I got the custom grill, I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics, baby it's evident
You see a player flicking, and how you ain't convinced
That you should go on and kiss it, just a lil bit 
I got my custom kicks, I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleamin' through my angel wings
They see me, hoes actin like they seen a king
With that mean lean, smoking on that finest Cali green
My woodgrain oak, I'm ridin on Vogues
My cylinder quiet, like tip-toes
I sold O's, and this I know
When you see them hoes, lil' homie, drive slow
Drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
You never know, homie, might meet some hoes, homie
You need to pump your brakes and drive slow, homie
Drive slow, homie
Yeah
They say home is where the hate is, my dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like Vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to God that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubber band together in cashless bundles
We wear strugglin chains, divided only hustle remains
Makin sense of it we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game it's another name, for life fightin
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fightin for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he could only get as high as he fell? 
Show money becomes bail, relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale, 
Behold the Pale - Horse
Got me trapped like R. Kel', I bail and it -
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago, but no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is; home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again"
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
How we stop the Black Panthers? 
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that? What Gil Scott was hearin'
When our heroes or heroines got hooked on heroin
Crack raised the murder rate in D.C. and Maryland
We invested in that, it's like we got Merrill lynched
And we been hangin' from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we, cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it
Sell it, the fiends cop it, nowadays they can't tell if
That's that good shit, we ain't sure man
Put the CD on your tongue, yeah that's pure man
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
From the place where the father's gone
The mothers is hardly home
And the Madigan's lock us up in the Audy Home
How the Mexicans say, we just tryin' to party holmes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax? 
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical
Arm & Hammer baking soda raised they own quota
Right when our soldiers, ran for the stove'cause
'Cause, dreams of being Hova
Went from bein' a broke man to bein' a dopeman
To bein' the President, look there's hope man
This that inspiration for the Moes and the Folks man
Shorty come and see his momma straight overdosin'
And this is the soundtrack
This the type of music that you make when you'round that
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
God, how could you let this happen 
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music
Our Father, give us this day, our daily bread
Before the feds give us these days and take our daily bread
See I done did all this ol' bullshit
And to atone, I throw a lil' somethin somethin on the pulpit
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mommas ain't got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gon' repo everything they ever took from granny
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction
Those who ain't even black use it
We gon' keep baggin up this here crack music
I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers? 
The doctor don't wanna take procedures
He claim her heart can't take the anaesthesia
I'll send her body into a seizure
That lil' thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beepin
Hey chick, I'm at a loss for words
What do you say at this time? Remember when I was 9? 
Tell her everything gon' be fine, but I be lyin'
Her family cryin', they want her to live, and she tryin'
I'm arguin like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people that's paid
If Magic Johnson got a cure for AIDS
And all the broke motherfuckers passed away
You telling me if my grandma's in the NBA
Right now she'd be okay? But since she
Was just a secretary, worked for the church for 35 years
Things'sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong
That's where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse 
Did you do the research? 
She asked me, 
Can you sign some t-shirts? 
Bitch, is you smokin reefer? 
You don't see that we hurt? But still
I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day 
Can't wait for the clouds to break
They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heartbeat, beat, beat
If she gon' pull through, we gon' find out soon
But right now she asleep, sleep, sleep
My momma say they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick, what these doctors know anyway? 
Let me see the X-rays, I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off of work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Clay and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties we could have an Auntie Team
Feel like Amerie, it's just 
One Thing
When they said that she made it you see they eyes gleam
I think we at a all-time high
To get there, we run, we fly, we drive
Cause with my family we know where home is
And so instead of sending flowers, we're the roses
I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day 
Can't wait for the clouds to break
 Oh, Rosie brings the sunshine, oh
 I smile, when Rosie comes to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day 
Can't wait for the clouds to break
I, smile, when Rosie come to see me
And I'm sad, when Rosie goes away
Oh Rosie brings the sunshine 
Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I can't wait, no
Can't wait, I, can't wait
No, can't wait, for, for a sunny day
Momma can't wait, for the clouds to break
Mm mmm mm mm-mm mm-mm
Oh oh oh oh no no, say
Tellin' you the truth now
Said I can't wait, uh-uh
I won't wait, no
I always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, they'd try to bring me down
We gon' to Mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they gon' have to take my life'fore they take my drive
'Cause when I was barely livin', that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind,'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some leeway on the he say she say
Your girl don't like me, how long has she been gay? 
Spanish girls say 
Yo, no hablo inglés
And everybody want to run to me for their single
I's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dawg, if I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dawg, if I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mil' myself and I'm still myself
And I'mma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, y'all all frontin'
Everybody feel a way about K but at least y'all feel something
What you calling? 
I let all in for getting what some get will get ya
What kind of dream we found? 
See, I'm often catching crosswinds
Forgetting where the hell I met you
And try to bring me down
I always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, way down
One day, they'd tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Way down, they'd try to bring me down
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good? 
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But 
What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed? 
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm her drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be spontaneous
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca-Cola
Then I'm co coming over cause it's never over
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good? 
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But 
I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blown
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do somethin' to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doja, Henny and Coca Cola
And I keep co coming over cause it's never over
Why everything that's supposed to be bad make me feel so good? 
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man, I tried to stop man, I tried the best I could
But 
I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um, let me, how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends, remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, ok, ok 
I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just, uhh, not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly, I mean let it be
I just let it be
I mean you, her and me 
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, baby, baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it We broke, broke broke phi broke
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
Don't spend no money
Ain't got no clothes
Ain't got no cars
Ain't got no hoes
We broke, broke, broke phi broke
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
Got no money 
We got no clothes 
Ain't got no cars 
Can't get no hoes
We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke
Buncha niggas
Broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up, and watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local c'mon homie we major
We major? C'mon homie we major
We major? C'mon homie we major
We major, c'mon homie we major
We major, c'mon
Feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes too soon
Until you have a daughter that's what I call karma
And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off, that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorties write rhymes just to blow up? 
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit, but he had that 9
Nigga come through flickin and he had that shine
Put 2 and 2 together and a little bad weather
Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line
Asked the reverend was the strip clubs cool
If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey
I ain't in the Klan but I brought my hood with me
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up, and watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local c'mon homie we major
We major? C'mon homie we major
We major? C'mon homie we major
We major! C'mon homie we major
We major! C'mon homie we major
I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line should it be about the hoes or the ice? 
Fo-fo's or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man plight
At the studio console, asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write? 
He said, 
Nas what the fans want is Illmatic, Stillmatic
Looked at the pad and pencil, and jotted what I feel
Been like twelve years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent and I'm thinkin it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cause rappers be deprived, of executive 9 to 5's
And it hurts to see these companies be stealin the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LP's and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony when King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasted longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never; it's orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up, and watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local c'mon homie we major
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
But better late than never; it's orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away
You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up, and watch how we roll up
An', I can't control it, I can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that'gnac, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin'
Towel under the door, We smoke until the day's end
Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotiq for Henny? Now nigga that's a chaser
Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior
Best things are green now pimpin get your paper
High off the ground from stair to skyscraper
Cool out, thinkin we local c'mon homie we major
We major? 
We major? 
We major 
We major
Feeling better than I ever felt before today
But better late than never; it's orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away
Can I talk my shit again? 
Can I talk my shit again? ! 
I can't believe I'm back up in this muh'fucker
I'mma be late though
I gotta figure out what I'm finna wear
Yeah... the Roc is definitely in the building
GOOD Music's definitely in the building
I gotta say what's up to Tony Williams
On the vocals sings, he sings quite beautifully
Don't you agree? Don't you agree? 
Uhh, and Jon Brion on the keys right now
And Warren Campbell on the keys right now
So they ask me - why you call it Late Registration'Ye? 
Cause we takin these muh'fuckers back to school
If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along
Feeling better than I ever felt before today 
But better late than never; it's orientation 
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away 
This was founded years ago
By broke slaves, years ago
Who did not have, years ago
By broke brothas in the 20s, years ago
Who did not have when we could not eat
Hmm, remember that? 
Eating all of our cereal with forks because we wanted to save the milk, do you remember that? Hmm? 
Do you remember all those Christmases when your Mama walked in the room and pretended she was the tree, huh? 
Remember that?
, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, 
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me 
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take y'all back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if y'all don't mind
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl? 
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy can't you see? 
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy I'mma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you ain't gotta work no more
And I'mma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A livin legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you 
, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, 
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me 
Forrest Gump mama said, 
Life is like a box of chocolates
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir please
Give me a verse of 
You Are So Beautiful To Me
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nikki Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, yall say Mama, now everybody answer me 
, I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, 
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me 
I guess it also depends though, if my ends low
Second they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know 
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
I'mma get you a Jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like? 
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say: 
I wanna scream so loud for you, cause I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, 
You know i love you so
I never let you go
Wrote this song just so you know
Nowhere you go our love is true
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Mama mama mama mama mama...
Yeah, you know what this is
I's a celebration, bitches! 
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for? 
I never did this before...
Stop that
What, you want some Patron? 
I got that
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talking is gon' give me a Tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of y'all
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow
Yeah, you know what this is
I's a celebration, bitches! 
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, daddy that's the reason why you had me? 
Yep, we was praticing
'Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal
For my newborn child'cause now y'all
Yeah, you know what this is
I's a celebration, bitches! 
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris' and some Mo'
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that'dro
And we about to let it bloooooow
Broke, broke, broke phi broke 
Broke, broke, broke phi broke 
Broke, broke broke phi broke 
Broke, broke, broke phi-
I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us
There is an imposter among us
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes
I found new shoes! 
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes? ! 
I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-
No, you speak up, brother! 
I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and-
What? 
I wanna stick to my roots, and-
What? ! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye. Don't you ever come back in'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like that, alright? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke
What's next?
Wished I had told ooh was  only one 
But it's too late, it's too late he's gone
You sweat her and I ain't talkin'bout a Coogi
You a Big L and I ain't talkin'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least twenty Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
 groupies say I'm too choosy
Take em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Fridays, I still have it my way
Gone we striving home
Gone I ride on chrome, it's too late
Y'all don't want no prob' from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught something on the Usher tour, he had to let it burn
Plus he already got three children
Arguin' over babysitters like bitch it's yo turn
Damn Ye it'd be stupid to diss you
Even your superficial raps is super-official
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TVs in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with Doobie Long
Cause I dookied on any song that they threw me on, gone
We striving home
I ride on chrome
We striving home
Killa, I ride on chrome
Knock knock, who's there? Killa Cam, Killa who? 
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, guerilla true
Oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer
Well here's the deal, ma we going to the dealer woo
No concealing, no ceiling I don't need a roof
Act up, get out, I don't need you poof
Poof be gone, damn tough luck dag
Dag niggas still doing puff-puff-pass
Pull the truck up fast and I tell em
Hey back in a touched up Jag shit
Y'all niggas wanna get in Cam's cerebellum
An old man just gon' tell em too late
Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm gone
My last girl want me back then I'm on
Fine stay, you got the grind hey
Came back, read what the sign say
Yes I know you wanna see my demise
Yeah you church boy, acting like a thief in disguise
Ain’t even my size, see the greed in my eyes
Ask Abby, I hustle, brought weed to the Chi, shit
And that ain't even a lie, please believe me
Gave Weezie a piece of the pie and
You can ask George or Regina
The whole West Side I explore with the Bimmer now
We striving home, I ride on chrome
Listen, homeboy, move on
That's your best bet, why's that, Cons'? 
I been pouring out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
And trying to help his Momma with the fact that her child gone
And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon
Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
But since they got afoul on what could've gone wrong
Now they asking Cons, how long has this gone on
And maybe all this money might have gone to my head
Cause they got me thinking money might have gone to the Feds
So I had gone to the dread, but he had gone up to bed
And when I came the next morning he was gone with my bread
And with that being said I had gone on my instincts
And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
But looking back now, I should've gone to the crib
And rented Gone With the Wind, cause I'da gone in by ten
But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
And heard a nigga talking shit so I had gone to the car
And now the judge is telling me that I had gone too far
And now we gone for twenty years doing time behind bars
And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, cause I'm gone
Uh-uh-uh, uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh
I'm ahead of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leaving it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime
Light like when I was on the grind
In the 1-9-9-9
Before model chicks was bending over
Or dealerships asked me 
Benz or Rover? 
Man, if I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an eighteen-year-old? 
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play your role
My dog worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later, the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirro'
How we out in Europe, spending Euros
They claim you never know what you got'til it's gone
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MCs
Won't sell'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything including the mannequin
They got a new bitch, now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin', stay calm
Shorties at the door cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said, 
Sorry, Mr. West is gone"
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me
Diamonds are forever 
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever 
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid, seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived
'Cause it take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe
Does he write his own rhymes? Well, sort of, I think'em
That mean I forgot better shit than you ever thought of
Damn, is he really that caught up? 
I ask, if you talkin' about classics, do my name get brought up? 
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort
Or even a four-track recorder
So it's only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
Spoil yourself, that's important
If your stripper name 
Porsche and you get tips from many men
Then your fat friend, her nickname is 
Minivan
Excuse me, that's just the Henny, man
I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop, I can't, because—
Diamonds are forever 
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever 
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
I was sick about awards, couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense in him
Thirty minutes later sein' there's no convincin' him
What more could you ask for? The international asshole
Who complain about what he is owed? 
And throw a tantrum like he is three years old
You gotta love it though: somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change or the game or the fame
When he came in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
I's Kanye, but some of my plaques, they still say Kayne
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi, them Folks ain't from Moe Town
Life movin' too fast, I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, you need to go down
My father been said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my caesar
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic
You know who you call; you got a message, then leave it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw'em up like you bulimic
Yeah, the beat cold, but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit, it sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like, 
Pssh, we messed up.
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle'til we got messed up
In the studio, with Really Doe, yeah, he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question, dog: 
Yo, where Dame at? 
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
What's up with you and Jay, man? Are y'all okay, man? 
They pray for the death of our dynasty like 
Amen
R-r-r-r-right here stands a man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands
Diamonds are forever 
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever 
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? 
Diamonds are forever 
Diamonds are forever 
Little girl 
Please stop your crying
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
Stop all your blood clot cryin', I was flyin'
Made it to school with barely enough time to sign in
Yeah, I hear the alarm, yeah, I hear you, Mom
Yeah, yeah, I don't wan' be broke when I'm thirty-one
They said the best classes go to the fastest, sorry, Mr. West
There's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequisites? 
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds? 
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin'
With all the rest of the motherfuckers underachievin'
Man, this is an insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benzo? 
Like old folks pissin', I guess it all depends, oh, oh
Stop your cryin', baby
I'll be late for that, baby, I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin' in when I feel like
So turn this motherfucker up only if it feels right
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right , that's right 
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night , that night
Baby, it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them Eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike? 
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian-like? 
Hmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later? 
I'll be there in five minutes,  go'head, ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin' but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin''cause I'm finally here, yeah
Uh, uh
Let's take it back to basics
When shit gets worse, we converse
How we need a new balance
Before the lines get crossed like Asics
Just look at what we got, if we don't shoot the Reeboks
This is a beat that no flow can detox
So the respect is due like my Louie back
I don't wanna have to check you
I'm Chi as Buck-Fiftys and Pelle Pelle leathers
Some say my beats made the Bulls play better
I say, black on black is the hate that hate made
Sara Lee with the dough, I'm talkin' bout the cake maid
McDonald's with the flow, served over over a billion
You've seen the video, words over the building
Uh, I wish I could give you this feeling
I wish I could give you this feeling
And when the Workout Plan ain't work out, man
Me and Common is back on the corners again
On the corner
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh
I open my eyes, the corner is like African tribes
The black is subsidized, the black enterprise, the passion arise
The youth fantasize, who got some cash in they eyes
If youth dies, mamas askin' rationalize
Tryna build a spot where ghetto bastards could rise
The ghetto has been bastardized by those that capitalize
Wonder if it's a plan that the master devised
To bring his people to a land where the blacks are despised? 
On the corner
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it
Somebody told me Delta's brown-skinned, AKA's light-skinned
And they supposed to be bougie, so they got white friends
First day of school, I'mma take you sight seein'
Show you what we do on weekends for excitement
She said, 
I know what you about to say, like your hypeman
Last year a nigga hit her, and now she only date white men
And if a nigga even wave at her, it's frightenin', but
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it
The night fallin' over Brooklyn where they murder for change
The converter remains faithful to the drug dealer priestess
He in search of the word of fame, you heard of the name
Kweli the truth like I'm comin' out the mouths of babes
One foot in and one foot out the grave
Niggas want they reparations, how you calculate the amount to be paid? 
You try to imagine America without the slaves 
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it
Her tenament, yo, is rat infested
Her heart is like a gold bullion because she went and protested
'Cause her best friend's man got popped
He was sixteen years old, the cop thought his phone was a Glock
In the hood is an everyday happenin'
In front of the precinct, she chews out the captain
She yells out, 
Why y'all do this to black men?  C'mon
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it
I think of eighty-seven ways to make better days
Whether crime or rhyme, I heard the rebel pays
On the scene, tryin' to get green like everglades
The music, ridin' it good like Escalades
In the ghetto infested by shade and drama
And niggas wit' thangs ain't afraid of karma
I'm thinkin' big like Lil Wayne in The Carter's that-
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it
C'mon, look
Tell people the truth, but never give'em your true thoughts
Terrorism on blacks, they poison our Newports
Patriot Act in effect, make it hard to breathe now
Johnnie Cochran dead, who gonna get us 
Us free now? 
Clinton ain't in office, who gon' give us shit free now? 
Who gon' make it better for the thugs in the penal? 
Who gon' make it good for old folks that's senile? 
Oh, it's G.O.O.D. Music, yeah, dawg, I see now
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it better
We can make it. Wake Up Mr. West
 
 The other night when I was researching what was going to be discussed today I came across a passage wrote down, I think it really exemplifies what the young brother next to me was just talking about and I learned that all things must come to an end, it is an inevitable part of the cycle of existance, all things must conclude
Take the analogy of a tree that grows in Brooklyn among the steel and the concrete with all its glorious branches and leaves, one day it too will pass on its legacy through the seeds it dropped to the ground and as the wind carries these seeds throughout wherever they might move a new life will begin for each one of them as they stand as a monument to the one that came before
That came before
That came before
That came before
That came before...
Shawn Carter was born December 4th, weighing in at 10 pounds, 8 ounces. He was the last of my four children. The only one who didn't give me any pain when I gave birth to him. And that's how I knew that he was a special child.
They say 
They never really miss you'til you dead or you gone.
So on that note, I'm leavin' after the song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay so long
At least let me tell you why I'm this way, hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adnis Reeves
Who made love under the sycamore tree
Which makes me a more sicker MC
And my momma would claim
At 10 pounds, when I was born, I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare
I made up for birth when I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose; I ain't perfect, I care
But I feel worthless ‘cause my shirts wasn't matchin' my gear
Now I'm just scratchin' the surface
‘Cause what's buried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school, got good grades, could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Shawn was a very shy child growing up. He was into sports, and a funny story is at 4 he taught himself how to ride a bike. A two-wheeler at that, isn't that special? But I noticed a change in him when me and my husband broke up.
Now, all the teachers couldn't reach me
And my momma couldn't beat me
Hard enough to match the pain of my pops not seein' me
So, with that disdain in my membrane
Got on my pimp game; fuck the world, my defense came
Then De
Haven introduced me to the game
Spanish Jose introduced me to'caine, I'm a hustler now
My gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd
And all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin' me now
My self-esteem went through the roof, man, I got my swag
Got a Volvo from this girl when her man got bagged
Plus I hit my momma with cash from a show that I had
Supposedly, knowin' nobody paid Jaz wack-ass
I'm gettin' ahead of myself; by the way, I could rap
But that came second to me movin' this crack
Gimme a second, I swear,  I would say about my rap career
Till'96 came, niggas, I'm here; goodbye! 
Shawn used to be in the kitchen, beating on the table and rapping until the wee hours of the morning. And then I bought him a boom box, and his sisters and brothers said he would drive them nuts. But that was my way to keep him close to me and out of trouble.
Goodbye to the game, all the spoils, the adrenaline rush
Your blood boils you in the spot, knowin' cops could rush
And you in a drop, you're so easy to touch
No two days are alike except the first and fifteenth, pretty much
And trust is a word you seldom hear from us
Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up
And the drought will define a man when the well dries up
You learn the worth of water without work
You thirst'til you die, yup! 
And niggas get tied up for product
And little brothers' ring fingers get cut up
To show mothers they really got'em
And this was the stress I lived with
'Til I decided to try this rap shit for a livin', I pray I'm forgiven
For every bad decision I made, every sister I played
‘Cause I'm still paranoid to this day
And it's nobody's fault, I made the decisions I made
This is the life I chose, or rather, the life that chose me
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained? 
Is this not why you are here? 
Turn the music up, turn me down
Guru, let's go get'em again
This time it's for the money my nigga
Brooklyn, stand up
There's never been a nigga this good for this long
This hood or this pop, this hot or this strong
With so many different flows, this one's for this song
The next one I switch up, this one will get bit up
These fucks too lazy to make up shit, they crazy
They don't paint pictures, they just trace me
You know what? Soon they forget where they plucked
Their whole style from then try to reverse the outcome
I'm like, 
TAA! 
I'm not a biter, I'm a writer for myself and others
I say a B.I.G. verse, I'm only bigging up my brother
Bigging up my borough, I'm big enough to do it
I'm that thorough, plus I know my own flow is foolish
So them rings and things you sing about, bring'em out
I's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
I'm in new sneakers, dual-seaters
Few divas, what more can I tell you? 
Let me spell it for you:
W-I, double-L, I-E nobody truer than H-O-V
And I'm back for more, New York's ambassador
Prime Minister, back to finish my business up
What more can I say? 
What more can I do? 
I gave this up to you
I know this much is true
You already know what I'm about: flying birds down South
Moving wet off the step, purple rain in a drought
Stunting on hoes, brushing off my shirt
But ain't nothing on my clothes except my chain, my name
Young H-O pitch the yay faithful
Even if they patrol, I make payroll
Benz paid for, friends they roll
Private jets down to Turks and Caicos
Cris' caseloads, I don't give a shit
Nigga, one life to live, I can't let a day go
By without me being fly, fresh to death
Head to toe till the day I rest
And I don't wear jerseys, I'm 30-plus
Give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga, button-ups
S. Dots on my feet make my cipher complete
What more can I say? Guru, play the beat! 
Now you know your ass is Willie when they got you in the mag
For like half a billy and your ass ain't lily-White
That mean that shit you write must be illy
Either that or your flow is silly. I's both! 
I don't mean to boast, but damn, if I don't brag
Them crackers gon' act like I ain't on they ass
The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish
Far from a Harvard student, just had the balls to do it
And no I'm not through with it
In fact, I'm just previewing it
This ain't the show, I'm just EQing it
One-two and I won't stop abusing it
To groupie girls: stop false accusing it
Back to the music - the Maybach roof is translucent
Niggas got a problem Houston! 
What up B, they can't shut up me
Shut down I, not even P.E., I'mma ride
God forgive me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly what these streets did to me
So picture me letting these clowns nitpick at me
Paint me like a pickany
I will literally kiss Ti-Ti in the forehead
Tell her, 
Please forgive me,  then squeeze into your forehead
I'm not the one to score points off, in fact
I got a joint that'll knock your points off
Young Hova the God, nigga, blast for me
I'm at the Trump International, ask for me
I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere, you ain't never there
And nigga, why would I ever care? 
Pound for pound, I'm the best to ever come around here
Excluding nobody, look what I embody:
The soul of a hustler, I really ran the street
A CEO's mind, that marketing plan was me
And no I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated like, say, a Busta Rhymes
But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact I went plat' a bunch of times
Times that by my influence on pop culture
I'm supposed to be number one on everybody list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Fuck this
Thank you, thank you, thank you! 
You're far too kind
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more? 
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for? 
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise! 
Who you know fresher than Hov? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime
I'm Young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country, but the blueberry still connect
On the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand opening, grand closing
Goddamn, your man Hov cracked the can open again
Who you gonna find doper than him? 
With no pen, just draw off inspiration
Soon you gonna see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more? 
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for? 
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise! 
Look what you made me do! Look what I made for you! 
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
I's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team! 
And I need you to remember one thing
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream'til your lungs get sore
Ow, it's star time
This man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man? 
Well, if y'all want more of the Jigga man
Then I need y'all to help me bring him back to stage
Say 
Hova!  – c'mon, say it! 
Are y'all out there? C'mon, louder! 
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talking about
They love you, Jigga! They love you, Jigga! 
I like the way this one feel
I's so mothafuckin' soulful, man
So this here is the victory lap
Then I'm leavin', that's how you get me back
After a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
And that's 2.4, and I'm only doin' two
You wanted to gain attention, new dudes
I can get you BET – and TRL, too
You want to be in the public, send your budget
Well, fuck it, I ain't budgin'
Young did it to death, you gotta love it
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it
Now look at me: all star-studded
Golfer above par like I putted
All ‘cause the shit I uttered was utterly ridiculous
How sick is this? 
You want to bang, send Kanye change
Send Just some dust, send Hip a grip
Then you gotta spit a little somethin' like this
The bounce is back, ya boy is back 
I know y'all miss the bounce
You need the bounce for the sexy, you know
Let's get it in, yeah ma
Your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back
Tell the whole world the truth is back
You ain't gotta argue about who can rap
Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps
New York, New York! Yeah, where my troopers at? 
Where my hustlers, where my boosters at? 
I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued your back to the wall
You gotta brawl, do that
I been through that, been shot at, shoot back
Gotta keep a peace like a Buddhist
I ain't a New Jack; nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me
I's less than likely. Move back
Let I breathe, Jedi Knight
The more space I get the better I write
Oh, never I write, but if ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
 I's just me
 And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the Phantom
You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem
Or you can come by yourself if you can stand him
Best believe, I sweat out weaves
Give Afro Puffs like R.A.G.E
Aww you get if could move it
Back it on up like a U-Haul truck
Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shit
He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music
He is to the East coast what Snoop is
To the West Coast, what'Face is to Houston
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Now why you fronting on me, is that necessary? 
Do I, to you, look like a lame
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game
Who's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane? Let's just
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
 I's just me
 Ha ha! Sexy sexy 
Ha ha! Sexy sexy 
Ha ha! Sexy sexy 
Ha ha! Sexy sexy 
Ha ha! 
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Why you frontin' on me? 
Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well
With those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy
Ho no ma, please respect my
Jiggy this is probably Purple Label
Or that BBC shit or it's probably tailored
And y'all niggas actin' way too tough
Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just:
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'mma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
Uh huh yeah, uh  I's just me
Uh uh  sing along
Yeah, uh  turn your radio up
Woo!  Put your hands in the air if your in the car
Uh! Snap your fingers now  woo, uh
Uh, uh, your boy is back
Uh huh, uh, uh, uh, the bounce is back
Uh, uh, woo, uh HOV is back, peace!
You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin greatest
Turn the music up in the headphones
Tim, you can go and brush your shoulder off, nigga
I got you, yeah
If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
I probably owe it to y'all, probably be locked by the force
Tryin' to hustle some things that go with the Porsche
Feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
Middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
Said the ladies, they love me
From the bleachers they screamin'
All the ballers is bouncin', they like the way I be leanin'
All the rappers be hatin' off the track that I'm makin'
But all the hustlers, they love it, just to see one of us make it
Came from the bottom of the bottom, to the top of the pops
Nigga, London, Japan and I'm straight off the block
Like a running back, get it? Man, I'm straight off the block
I can run it back, nigga, ‘cause I'm straight with the Roc
If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
Your homie Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
I just whipped up a watch, tryin' to get me a Rover
Tryin' to stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
Keep the Heckler close, you know them smokers'll test ya
But, like, 52 cards went out, I'm through dealin'
Now 52 bars come out, now you feel'em
Now 52 cars roll out, remove ceilin'
In case 52 broads come out, now you chillin'
With a boss, bitch, of course, S.C. on the sleeve
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen
I paid a grip for the jeans, plus the slippers is clean
No chrome on the wheels, I'm a grown-up for real
If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
Your boy back in the building; Brooklyn, we back on the map
Me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that'Bach
I'm the realest to run it, I just happen to rap
I ain't gotta clap at'em, niggas scared of that black
I drop that Black Album, then I back out it
As the best rapper alive, nigga, ask'bout me
From bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammy's
From O's to opposite of Orphan Annie
You gotta pardon Jay, for sellin' out the Garden in a day
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey'
I'm a hustler, homie, you a customer crony
Got some dirt on my shoulder; could you brush it off for me? 
If you feeling like a pimp
Nigga, go and brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps too, go and brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby, don't forget that boy told you
Get, that, dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get that dirt off your shoulder
You're now tuned into the mu'fuckin' greatest
Best rapper alive, best rapper alive
Yo , what's up, pimp, this Threats
That's right, that's the - the that's, this Threats, pimp
And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sincere
And I, nigga I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up
Put ya inside the mattress like drug money, nigga
Yeah, I done told you niggas
9 or 10 times stop fuckin with me
I done told you niggas
9 albums, stop fuckin with me
I done told you niggas with
The 9 on me, stop fuckin with me
You niggas must got 9 lives
9th wonder
Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya
Am I frightenin ya? Shall I continue? 
I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song
I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along
Now it's a duet, and you wet, when you check out
The technique from the 2 Tecs and I don't need two lips
To blow this like a trumpet you dumb shit
This is a unusual musical I conducting
You lookin at the black Warren Buffett so all critics can duck sic
I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it
Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rilin' me up
For three years, they had me peein' out of a cup
Now they bout to free me up, whatchu think I'm gon' be, what? 
Rehabilitated, man I still feel hatred
I'm young, black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but
You never had me like Christina Aguiler-y
But catch me down the Westside, drivin like Halle Berry
Or the FDR, in the seat of my car
Screamin out the sunroof death to y'all
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars
I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head
The whole hood'll want ya, you startin to look like bread
I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin bout Feds
Nigga, them body-snatchers, nigga you heard what I said
I make'em wait for you'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P
That's right there nigga, nigga I'm wild
Nigga I keep trash bags with me
Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out
This sincere, this some sincere shit right here! 
Grown man I put hands on you
I dig a hole in the desert, they build the Sands on you
Lay out blueprint plans on you
We Rat Pack niggas, let Sam tap dance on you
Then, I Sinatra shot ya God damn you
... I put the boy in the box like David Blaine
Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang
Y'all wish I was frontin, I George Bush the button
For the oil in your car lift up your hood nigga run it
Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it
Your boy got the goods y'all don't want nothing of it
Like, castor oil, I'a Castor Troy you
Change your face or the bullets change all that for you
... y'all niggas is targets
Y'all garages for bullets, please don't make me park it
In your upper level, valet a couple strays
From the.38 Special, nigga, God bless you
I make'em wait for you'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P
Yeah I'm threatening ya, YEAH I'm threatening ya! 
Who you thank you dealin' with? 
They call me Threats, nigga I been makin' threats
Since I been in kindergarten nigga! 
Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard
When the gun is tucked, untucked, nigga you dies
Like nunchuks held by the Jet L-I
I'm the one, thus meaning no one must try
No two, no three, no four, know why? 
Because one's four-five might blow yo' high
You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God
I's a match made in heaven when I {*silencer shot*}'splay the 7
Put you on the nigga news, UPN and 11
Where you been, you ain't heard, got the word that I'm
 that I'm so sincere? 
I'm especially Joe Pesci wit it, friend
I will kill you, commit suicide, and kill you again
That's right
I make'em wait for you'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P
Whatup? Motherfucker I keep three motherfuckers what? 
Nigga I'll throw a Molotov cocktail through your momma's momma's house
Nigga what the - where everybody live! 
Undercover nigga take your teeth out your mouth nigga
Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth nigga
And help you swallow
Nigga I take a mop handle off nigga
And sweep nigga - hold on, I'll be - nigga what?
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
Pop died, didn't cry, didn't know him that well
Between him doing heroin and me doing crack sales
Put that in the eggshell, standing at the tabernacle
Rather the church, pretending to be hurt wouldn't work
So a smirk was all on my face
Like, 
Damn, that man's face is just like my face
So pop, I forgive you for all the shit that I lived through
It wasn't all your fault, homie, you got caught
Into the same game I fought, that Uncle Ray lost
My big brothers and so many others I saw
I'm just glad we got to see each other
Talk and re-meet each other
Save a place in Heaven'til the next time we meet forever! 
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
Music business hate me ‘cause the industry ain't make me
Hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music I be making
I dumbed down for my audience to double my dollars
They criticized me for it, yet they all yell holla
If skills sold, truth be told, I'd probably be lyrically Talib Kweli
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Common Sense
But I did 5 mill' – I ain't been rhyming like Common since
When your cents got that much in common
And you been hustling since your inception
Fuck perception! Go with what makes sense
Since I know what I'm up against
We as rappers must decide what's most important
And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them
So I got rich and gave back, to me that's the win/win
So next time you see the homie and his rims spin
Just know my mind is working just like them 
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
My homie Sig' was on a tier where no tears should fall
‘Cause he was on the block where no squares get off
See, in my inner circle, all we do is ball
'Til we all got triangles on our wall
Ain't just rapping for the platinum, y'all record
I recall, ‘cause I really been there before
Four scores and seven years ago, prepared the flow
Prepared for war, I should fear no man
You don't hear me though, these words ain't just'pared to go
In one ear, out the other ear, no! 
Yo, my balls and my word is alls I have
What you gonna do to me, nigga? Scars will scab
What, you gonna box me, homie? I can dodge a jab
Three shots couldn't touch me, thank God for that
I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back
And the whole BK, nigga, holla back! 
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
I've got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's Money, Cash, Hoes
I'm from the hood, stupid! What type of facts are those? 
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin' dough
I'm like, 
Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole! 
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward.
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
They don't play my hits, well, I don't give a shit, so
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give'em more cash for ads
Fuckers, I don't know what you take me as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay Z has
I'm from rags to riches, niggas, I ain't dumb
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
The year is'94, in my trunk is raw
In my rearview mirror is the motherfuckin' law
Got two choices, y'all: pull over the car or
Bounce on the devil, put the pedal to the floor
And I ain't tryin' to see no highway chase with Jake
Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So I pull over to the side of the road
I heard, 
Son, do you know why I'm stopping you for? 
‘Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low? 
Do I look like a mind reader, sir? I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some more? 
Well, you was doing 55 in a 54
License and registration and step out of the car
Are you carrying a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are.
I ain't steppin' out of shit, all my paper's legit
Well, do you mind if I look around the car a little bit? 
Well, my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back
And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that
Aren't you sharp as a tack? 
You some type of lawyer or something? 
Somebody important or something? 
Well, I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
Well, we'll see how smart you are when the K9 come! 
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
Now once upon a time not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong-arm a ho
This is not a ho in the sense of havin' a pussy
But a pussy havin' no goddamn sense, try and push me
I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord
Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motorbike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin'
And he and his boys gonna be yappin' to the Captain
And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again
Back through the system with the riff-raff again
Fiends on the floor, scratchin' again
Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin' em
D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again
Half a mil' for bail ‘cause I'm African
All because this fool was harassin' them
Tryin' to play the boy like he's saccharine
But ain't nothin' sweet'bout how I hold my gun
I got 99 problems, bein' a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
99 problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got 99 problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me! 
You crazy for this one, Rick
I's your boy
This is a public service announcement
Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records
Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that I present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation
Allow me to re-introduce myself
My name is Hov, OH, H-to-the-O-V
I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z
I guess even back then you can call me
CEO of the R-O-C, Hov! 
Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
I be the music biz number one supplier
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
Hov, OH—not D.O.C
But similar to them letters, 
No One Can Do it Better
I check cheddar like a food inspector
My homey Strict told me, 
Dude finish your breakfast
So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude
With the Lexus, fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this
I shoot at you actors like movie directors {​*laughing*}​
This ain't a movie, dog 
Now before I finish, let me just say I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you. Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm GONE! 
And I don't care WHAT you think about me—but just remember, when it hits the fan, brother, whether it's next year, ten years, twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say that these brothers lied to you JACK! 
Thing ain't lie
I done came through the block in everything that's fly
I'm like Ché Guevara with bling on, I'm complex
I never claimed to have wings on
Nigga, I get my by any means on whenever there's a drought
Get your umbrellas out because that's when I brainstorm
You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game
I just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
And I'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
Lying as if I am a different man
And I could blame my environment but
There ain't no reason why I be buying expensive chains
Hope you don't think users are the only abusers
Niggas getting high within the game
If you do then, how would you explain? 
I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
I got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it
Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer
No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone
Now, back to our regularly scheduled program, L'Album Noir: The Black Album
Uhh, this feel right right here, Quik
I's like it's supposed to happen this one right here
Young! God damn
Let me justify my thug on this one right here
It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, Roc
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock, Roc
Eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock, the party bout to pop
Then, Roc-A-Fella y'all, I's your boy S. Dot
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga
To do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself
I will never tell, even if it means sittin in a cell
I ain't never ran, never will
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands
To himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt
I never asked for nothin I don't demand of myself
Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth
Death before dishonor and I tell you what else
I tighten my belt'fore I beg for help
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years
I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt
Before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail
But I never sat back feelin sorry for myself
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell
'Til it's heaven
Justify my thug! {*
For you!  - Run-D.M.C.*}
My thug.. 
My thug..  for you
To justify my thug! 
My thug.. 
My thug..  for you
{*
For you! Fresh - Run-D.M.C.*}
Now if you shoot my dog, I'mma kill yo' cat
Just the unwritten laws in rap, know dat
For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin
Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine
Don't be actin like you can't see street action
Take me back to Reasonable Doubt time
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin the wreck
I put my muh'fuckin faith in the tec, tell Satan not yet
You understand I am chasin my breath
I am narrowly escapin my death, oh yes
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster
Travellin Mach 5, barrel in my apparel can stop God
God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you
Until, I won this race, then eventually
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me
However it turns out fine, red line! 
They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight
And two wrongs don't make a right
But when you been wronged and you know all along that it's just one life
At what point does one fight? 
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in his
Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half
Bet that stops all the grinnin and the laughs
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag
When your options is none and the pen is all you have
Or the block, niggas standin tight as lemons on the ave
Tryin to cop a shop - call theyself cleansin in the cash
But can't put they name on paper cause, then you on blast
Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us
Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up
Every other corner there's a liquor store, fuck is up? 
Kanyeezy you did it again, you a genius nigga! 
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
Lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him
But he also got a righteous cause for sinning
Them-a-murder me, so I gotta murder them first
Emergency, doctors performing procedures
Jesus, I ain't trying to be facetious, but
Vengeance is mine sayeth the Lord, you said it better than all
Leave niggas on death's door, breathing on
Respirators for killing my best boy, haters
On permanent hiatus as I skate
In the Maybach Benz, flyer than Sanaa Lathan
Pumping 
Brown Sugar by D'Angelo
In Los Angeles, like an evangelist
I can introduce you to your maker
Bring you closer to nature, ashes after they cremate you bastards
Hope you been reading your psalms and chapters
Paying your tithe, being good Catholics, I'm coming
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
Yes, this is holy war, I wet y'all all with the holy water
Spray from the Heckler-Koch automatic
All the static, shall cease to exist
Like a sabbatical, I throw couple at you, take six! 
Spread love, to all of my dead thugs
I pour out a little Louis, to a head above
Yessir, and when I perish, the meek shall inherit the Earth
'til that time, it's on and popping, church
Like Don Bishop, the fifth or palm cock either
Lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost
Please I leave you in somebody's cathedral for stunting like Evel Knievel
I let you see where that bright light lead you
The more you talk, the more you irking us
The more you gon' need memorial services
The Black Album, second verse, is like
Devil's pie, save some dessert for us
Man, I gotta get my soul right
I gotta get these devils out my life
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride
They won't be happy'til somebody die
Oh man, I gotta get my soul right
'Fore I'm locked up for my whole life
Every time it seems it's alright
Somebody want they soul to rise
I chase you off of this Earth
I got dreams of holding a nine milla to Bob's killer
Asking him why?  as my eyes fill up
These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow
Gone but not forgotten, homes I still feel ya
So, curse the day that birthed the bastard
Who caused your church mass, reverse the crash
Reverse the blast then reverse the car
Reverse the day and there you are, Bobalob
Lord forgive him, we all have sinned
But Bob's a good dude, please let him in
And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge
Please blame it on the son of the morning, thanks again
I don't know why, I.. get so high oh
Get so high oh, get so high, high off the life
The allure of breaking the law
Was always too much for me to ever ignore
I've got a thing for the big-body Benzes, it dulls my senses
In love with a V-Dub engine
Man, I'm high off life, fuck it, I'm wasted
Bathing Ape kicks, Audemars Piguet wrist
My women-friends get tennis bracelets
Trips to Venice, get their Winters replaced with
The sun...it ain't even fun no more, I'm jaded
Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it
I put my feet in the footprints left to me
Without saying a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy
My brother hustled so, naturally
Up next was me, but what perplexes me
Shit, I know how this movie ends, still I play
The starring role in 
Hovito's Way
I's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
Cause I be doing the most, Oh No! 
But every time I felt 
That was that, it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back, Oh No! 
I'm like a Russian mobster, drinking distilled vodka
Until I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real
Peel the top up like a toupée, mix the water with the soda
Turn the pot up, make a soufflé
All of y'all can get it like group-page on your 2-way
I'm living proof that crime do pay
Say hooray to the bad guy, and all the broads
Putting cars in their name, for the stars of the game
Putting'caine in their bras and their tomorrows on the train:
All in the Name of Love
Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came
Over the house to take back everything that they claimed
Or even the worse pain is the distress
Learning you're the mistress only after that love gets slain
And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust
Now it gets tough to ever love again
But the allure of the game, keeps calling your name
To all the Lauras of the world, I feel your pain
To all the Christies in different cities and Tiffany Lanes:
We all hustlers in love with the same thing
I's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
Cause I be doing the most, Oh No! 
But every time I felt 
That was that, it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back, Oh No! 
I never felt more alive than riding shotgun
In Klein's green 5, until the cops pulled guns
And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need -
What the game did to my pulse - with no results
And you can treat your nose and still won't come close
The game is a lightbulb with eleventy-million volts
And I'm just a moth addicted to the floss
The doors lift from the floor and the tops come off
By any means necessary, whatever the cost
Even if it means lives is lost
And I can't explain why I just love to get high
Drink, life!  smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice
I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times
I may not even be alive
I mean even James Dean couldn't escape the allure
Dying young, leaving a good-lookin corpse, of course
I's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
Cause I be doing the most, Oh No! 
But every time I felt 
That was that, it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back, Oh No! 
I don't know why, I...
Get so high oh
Get so high oh
Get so high, high off the life
Gotta try to stay above water, y'know? 
Just stay busy, stay working
Puff told me, like, the key to this joint
The key to staying on top of things
Is treat everything like it's your first project, nomsayin'? 
Like it's your first day, like, back when you was an intern
Like, that's how you try to treat things like, just stay hungry
Y'all wanna know why he don't stop? 
Y'all wanna know why he don't flop? 
Let me tell you pe-people why
Came from the bottom of the block I
When I was born, it was sworn, I was never gon' be shit
Had to pull the opposite out this bitch
Had to get my ri-ide on
Eyes on the prize, Shawn knew I had to
Had to had to get these chips
Had to make moves like Olajuwon
Started out selling dimes and nicks
Graduated to a brick
No exaggeration, my infatuation with the strip
Legendary like a schoolboy
Crushin' merely nearly every every chick
Heavy shit – that's how schoolboy got whipped
And got left on some Just Me, Myself and I
On some Trugoy shit
Had to voyage to a place of, to a place of no return
Had to play with fire and get burned
Only way the boy ever gon' learn
Had to lay way in the cut,'til I finally got my turn
Now I'm on top in the spot that I earned
I's my life, it's my pain and my struggle
The songs that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as when I came
I's my joy and my tears
And the laughter it brings to me, it's my everything
Like I never rode in a limo
Like I just dropped flows to a demo
Like it's'92 again and I got O's in the rental
Back in the Stu' again
No prob' living was a whole lot simple
When you think back, you thought that
You would never make it this far
Then you take advantage of the luck you handed
Or the talent you been given
Ain't no half steppin', ain't no, no slippin'
Ain't no different from a block that's hittin'
Gotta get it while the getting's good
Gotta strike while the iron's hot, before you stop
Then you gotta bid it, good riddance
Goodbye! This is my second major breakup
My first was with a pager
With a hooptie, a cookpot and the GAME
This one's with the stu', with the stage, with the fortune
Maybe not the fortune, but certainly the FAME
I's my life, it's my pain and my struggle
The songs that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as when I came
I's my joy and my tears
And the laughter it brings to me, it's my everything
Treat my first like my last, and my last like my first
And my thirst like the first song I sang
Woo, it's like the blues, we gon' ride out on this one
Ty-Ty, B-High
Yo High, remember you was making them baskets
For them niggas at radio and shit? 
Clark Kent, that was good looking out, nigga
Carline, who ever thought we'd make it this far, homie? 
Sha, they can't stop us, knahmsayin'? 
Lenny S
Dame, whattup! Robbing the bank
Niggas thought we was crazy, man, remember uhh
You had that fucked up ass handwriting
You was writing all the numbers that we was spending down
For the videos we was doing ourselves
Your accounting was crazy wrong and shit
But we still put it together
Biggs, whassup? 
Member we went to St. Thomas and uh 
Your dog peed on homie leg and shit
At his crib, I think that was Rudy
And they was having a lil trouble with the pool
You and Ty-Ty was laughing
Emory was there; whattup, Emory? 
What up, Ty? Hip-Hop, whattup, man? 
Aye, aye Hop, you ain't, you ain't have no uhh
You ain't have no muh'fuckin seat on your, on your bicycle
Now you're uhh, the head of black music
That's what I'm talking'bout right there, homie
Gee, whattup, Gee? 
Yessir, e'rybody in the Roc
Hey, Guru, I know you spoiled, man
I be taking them shits in one take
You gonna have to punch niggas' shit 
You gon' be tight? 
OG Juan, whattup? I'm a little upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process, but it's all good
Wassup, Dez? 
My whole family, my nephew, cousin Angie, whassup? Ti-Ti
Mom, you made the album, how crazy is that? 
Bobalob, rest in peace
My pops, rest in peace 
Biggie Smalls, rest in peace
Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh
Nigga, I'm bout to go golfing, man
Aye, I might even have me a cappuccino, fuck it! 
I'm going somewhere nice where no mosquitoes at, nigga
Holla at me! I's your boy
Ladies and gentlemen -- H, to the Izzo
I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase
I surely appreciate it
What you about to witness is my thoughts
Just my thoughts, man—right or wrong
Just what I was feeling at the time
You ever felt like this, vibe with me
Walk with a nigga, man, just vibe with me
Yo, gather round hustlers—that's if you still livin
And get on down to that ol' Jig rhythm
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high
I, Young'Vito, voice of the young people
Mouthpiece for hustlers - I'm back, motherfuckers
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns
Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on? 
I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm
Charges don't stick to dude, he's Teflon
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred
I'm not guilty, now gimme back my bread
Mr. District Attorney, I'm not sure if they told you
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to? 
Plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight
Hov' a soldier, Hov' been fightin' all his life so
What could you do to me? I's not new to me
Sue me? Fuck you, what's a couple dollars to me? 
But you will respect me, simple as that
Or I got no problem goin' back
I'm representin' for the seat where Rosa Parks sat
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The ruler's back
Uhh, uh-huh uhh uhh
I  am back niggas whoo! whoo! whoo! whoo! 
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Turn the motherfuckin' music up
The ruler's back
I  am back niggas
Yeah 
Well, in these times—well, at least to me
There's a lot of rappers out there tryin' to sound like Jay Z
I'll help you out, here's what you do
You gonna need a wide lens cause that's a ver' big shoe
And you got a couple of beans and you don't have a clue? 
You situation is bleek, I'mma keep it real cause
Fuckin' with me, you gotta drop a mill
Cause if you gonna cop somethin' you gotta cop for real
Don't only talk it, walk like it - from the bricks to the booth
I could predict the future like Cleo the psychic
You can't date skee-os and wife it
And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices
So what your life is? 
We gon' roll'til the wheels fall off - y'all muh'fuckers check the tires
Off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro
The ruler's back
The ruler's back
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
The takeover, the break's over, nigga
God MC – me – Jay-Hova
Hey lil soldier, you ain't ready for war
R.O.C. too strong for y'all
I's like bringin' a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringin' them boys to men, how them boys gonna win? 
This is grown man B.I., get you rolled into triage, bi-atch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Niggas'll kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama
We kill you motherfuckin' ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you dunny ‘cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broadstreet Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushin' weight back in'88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped 
Shook Ones,  switched your demeanour
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella students of the game, we passed the class
‘Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let'em gas you like 
Jigga is ass and won't clap you.
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level, get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov, no! 
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broadstreet Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
I know you missin' Nas the 
But along with celebrity comes about 70 shots to your frame
Nigga, you a 
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started, but now you're just garbage
Fell from top 10 to not mentioned at all
To your bodyguard's 
Oochie Wally's verse better than yours
Matter of fact, you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin' song
But I know: the sun don't shine, then son don't shine
That's why your  career's come to an end
I's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it, you witnessed it from your folks' pad
You scribbled it in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first TEC on tour with Large Professor
Then I heard your album about your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was usin' it wrong
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song
And you ain't get a coin, nigga, you was gettin' fucked then
I know who I paid, God – Serchlite publishin'
Use your  – you said you've been in this 10
I've been in it five; smarten up, Nas! 
Four albums in 10 years, nigga? I could divide
That's one every… let's say two, two of them shits was due
One was nah,  the other was Illmatic
That's a one-hot-album-every-10-year average
And that's so 
Nigga, switch up your flow, your shit is garbage
What you tryin' to kick, knowledge? 
You niggas gonna learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you-know-who did you-know-what
With you-know-who, but let's keep that between me and you
R.O.C., we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broadstreet Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O & Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris & Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
A wise man told me don't argue with fools
‘Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga, I'm grown
Please leave it alone, don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisers ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin' and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin' be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed, now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga, I know you well, all the stolen jew-els
Twinkletoes, you're breakin' my heart
You can't fuck with me; go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin' shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar – fuck y'all niggas!
Ladies and gentlemen
Let's put our hands together for this dynasty! 
Welcome ladies and gentlemen
To the eighth wonder of the world! 
The flow of the century, always timeless: HOV! 
Thanks for coming out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me, I appreciate that
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
Was herbing'em in the home of the Terrapins
Got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them
Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't-born-hustlers, I was birthing'em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For sheezy, my neezy, keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clapped in chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof! —Vamoose, son of a bitch! 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
I do this for my culture, to let them know
What a nigga look like when a nigga in a roaster
Show them how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry is shady, it needs to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raising the status quo up
I'm overcharging niggas for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk mo' bucks
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
Hov is back, life stories told through rap
Niggas acting like I sold you crack
Like I told you sell drugs; no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back sellin' their mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed? 
Crack's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen Hoop Dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail: the two things I hate
Succeed and this rap game: the two things that's great
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
What else can I say about dude? I gets bu-sy
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up! 
H to the Izz-o, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-o, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-o, V to the Izz-A
H to the Izz-o, V to the Izz-A
Je t'adore, JAY Z
That means 
I love you
Of course I love you... I love all y'all
For real
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam
So she call me cabron plus maricon
Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home
I'm like, 
Un momento, mami, slow up your tempo
I got this black chick, she don't know how to act
Always talking out her neck, making her fingers snap
She like: 
Listen, Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap
You better R-E-S-P-E-C-T me
I got this French chick that love to French kiss
She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist
Ma cherie amour, tu es belle
Merci, you're fine as fuck but you giving me hell
I got this Indian squaw, the day that I met her
Asked her what tribe she with: red dot or feather
She said: all you need to know is I'm not a ho
And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough
Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, Indian and black
That's fried chicken, curry chicken.. damn I'm getting fat
Arroz con pollo, French fries and crepe
An appetite for destruction but I scrape the plate
I love
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I got this young chick, she so immature
She like, why you don't buy me Reeboks no more
Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor
Got to toss a couple dollars just to shut up her holla
Got a project chick that plays her part
And if it goes down, y'all, that's my heart
Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start
Hid my drugs from the NARCs, hid my guns by the parts
I got this model chick that don't cook or clean
But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean
Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene
God damn she's fine but she parties all the time! 
I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick
She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick
She gives me extra pillows and seat back love
So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club
Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model
That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae Bo
That means I'm new-school, pop pills and stay in beef
But I never have a problem with my first class seat
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house
A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out
Got a chick from Peru that sniff Peru
She got a cousin at customs that gets shit through
Got this weed head chick, she always catch me doing shit
Crazy girl.. wanna leave me but she always forgets
Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick
Cause she kept bootlegging my shit, man
I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull
She like: 
Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal? 
I'm like: excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass
You was dead broke and naked, and now you want half
I got this ho that after 12 million sold
Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleeping on Hov
Got to tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow
I've got so many girls across the globe
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that Coupe, sittin on deuce-zeroes
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls..
I's the Roc! 
R.O., R.O.C. niggas, R.O.
Hov! R.O.C. niggas, R.O., whoo! 
I's Hov! R.O.C. niggas
Come on the track like duh duh duh-duh
With a throwback jersey and a fitted
Might blow a bag of Hershey in the sidd-ix
Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick with it
Lampin' in the Hamptons
The weekends man, the Stan Smith Adidas and the Campus
Or playin' guts on the cruise, Hermès boat shoes
The Izod bucket on, I'm so old school
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops
Six top model chicks – who is this hot? 
J-A, ladies help me say it now
Y-Z, mami why you playin' with me? 
Ride with me, get high as me
I's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin' with G's
Hov! Back up in this bitch like whoa
Jigga get this whole shit jumpin' like six-fo's
 V is I, and I am him
 Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war with y'all
Hov! And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu
She's respondin', top is C. Ronson
We in Luan  gettin' our groove on
Buyin' out the bar, on our way to Spa'
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before
Never seen twenty-two's on the 6 before
I am, killin''em out there, they needin' first aid
'Cause the boy got more 6's than first grade
The crib got killer views and square feet
You have to film MTV Cribs for a week
So, sleep if you need to, mami, I will leave you
Right where you stand, nah, I don't wanna dance 
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants
Weight is low enough to let your waist show
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car
We can cruise the city, doin' a buck-sixty
 V is I, and I am him
 Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war with y'all
He did it again!  – haters no like
But they gotta fuck with it'cause the flow's so tight
Gnarly dude! I puff Bob Marley, dude
All day like Rastafaris do
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move
You fuckin' up my high, don't bother me, dude
But Red Rover, send your hoes over
She can do whatever, sip somethin' with soda
She can leave whenever, sip somethin' with Hova
We can play however: sleigh, bed or sofa
And the prognosis, sex is explosive
Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga, I'm focused
 V is I, and I am him
 Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war with y'all
R.O., R.O.C. niggas
R.O.C. niggas
Turn my music high, high, high, high-er! 
You don't know what you're doing, doing, doing
Sure I do! 
I'm from the streets where the hood could swallow'em
And bullets'll follow'em
And there's so much coke that you could run the slalom
And cops comb this shit top to bottom
They say that we are prone to violence
But it's home sweet home
Where personalities clash and chrome meets chrome
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street, holmes
But this is worse than the Dow Jones, your brains are now blown
All over that brown Brougham, one slip, you are now gone
Welcome to Hell, where you are welcome to sell
But when them shells come, you better return'em
All scars, we earn'em
All cars, we learn'em like the back of our hand
We watch for cops hoppin' out the back of vans
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need Dapper Dan
This ain't a sewn outfit, holmes, holmes is about it
Was clappin' them flamers before I became famous
For playin' me, y'all shall forever remain nameless
I am Hov'
You don't know what you're doing, doing, doing
Sure I do! 
I tell you the difference between me and them
They tryin' to get they ones, I'm tryin' to get them M's
One million, two million, three million, four
In just five years, forty million more
You are now lookin' at the forty million boy
I'm rapin' Def Jam'til I'm the hundred million man
R.O.C.
You don't know what you're doing, doing, doing
That's where you're wrong
I came into this motherfucker a hundred grand strong
Nine to be exact, from grindin' G-packs
Put this shit in motion, ain't no rewindin' me back
Could make 40 off a brick, but one rhyme could beat that
And if somebody woulda told'em that Hov' would sell clothing
Not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind
That's another difference that's between me and them
I smarten up, open the market up
One million, two million, three million, four
In eighteen months, eighty million more
Now add that number up with the one I said before
You are now lookin' at one smart black boy
Momma ain't raised no fool
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth
Motherfucker, I — will — not — lose
You don't know what you're doing, doing, doing
Put somethin' on it! 
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell
I am a hustler, baby, I'll sell water to a well
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states
Cop the coupe with the roof gone and switch plates
Was born to dictate, never follow orders
Dickface, get your shit straight, fucka', this is Big Jay
I… hahahaha
You don't know what you're doing, doing, doing
Will — not — lose ever, fucka!
Ah, ch-ch-cha
I's that hop I'm talking about right here Timbo! 
I can't be stopped with a hop like this family, uh! 
They say 
Hola Hovito! 
That's what they saying when I roll up with my people
My music banging like them vatos locos got rap in a choke hold
And I won't surrender it with beats by Timbaland
Callate la boca, my baby
All I want to do is stroke you all crazy
My dick game is vicious, insane at bitches
Mami keep coming back cause mami came vicious
Catch Hov' in the drop, nasty thang, lane switching
Once you turn your neck for a sec, your dame's missing
Bujando, bujando!  - the cops is coming
Got that rap patrol behind, yo: get to running
I'm unstoppable Hov', untoppable flows
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day
Ol' Blue Eyes my nigga, 
I did it my way
If y'all not rolling with Hov' then hit the highway
Hola Hovito!  Yeah, yeah 
Hola Hovito! 
Yeah that's what they saying when that music get to banging
Put it down for my people
Naw, I don't fuck around, stay on my J.O.-
Hov' been about that dough since I was a day old
Oh, push perico if I need to for the Root of Evil
Was born in the belly: that's the way the streets breed you
One life to live - notice you get no sequel
So I truly got to live this like my last movie
6 oohie, jewels dripping, big tooly
I ball for real: y'all niggas is Sam Bowie
And with the third pick, I made the earth sick
M.J., him Jay, fade-away, perfect
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme-spitter
Every crime-nigga that rhyme or touch a mic
Because my mind's quicker
I'm a'88er, 9-6 to 
Reasonable Doubt
Temper short; don't take much to squeeze you out
Yeah you shining, but the only thing you're leaving out
You're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out
Hola Hovito!  Yeah, yeah 
Hola Hovito! 
Yeah that's what they saying when that music get to banging
Put it down for my people
Hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers
Better run to the post office and get a job, muh'fuckers
Or starve muh'fuckers, cause Jay's been the only one
Eating thus far, sub-par muh'fuckers
Naw even though y'all hate, I love y'all muh'fuckers
Friend or Foe y'all all my muh'fuckers
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael, Magic and Bird
All rolled in one - cause none got more flows than Young
Plus got more flows to come
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one
So move over - hoes, choose Hova
My food for thought so hot it give you dudes ulcers
Rovers, roasters, poseurs
Getting it in with me, living like they supposed to
Watches, chain, front row at the game
Sold out arena, all screaming my name, c'mon!
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov
What's up? You niggas all fed up ‘cause I got a little cheddar
And my record's movin' out the store? 
Young fucks spittin' at me, young rappers gettin' at me
My nigga Big predicted this shit exactly
Mo' Money, Mo' Problems – gotta move carefully
‘Cause faggots hate when you gettin' money like athletes
Youngins ice-grillin' me — oh, you not feelin' me? 
Fine, it cost you nothin', pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind, cousin, ain't got time for frontin'
Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs
Damn, little mans, I'm just tryin' do me
If the record's two mil I'm just tryin' move three
Get a couple of chicks, get'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll ménage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck, I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas, I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waitin' in the wing, but I'm doin' my thing
Where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
I said, where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of town
And then the Fugees gonna break up
Now everyday I wake up, somebody got somethin' to say
What's all the fuckin' fussin' for? 
Because I'm grubbin' more
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door? 
Niggas pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball
Now, I don't wanna have to kill soundboys
Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound bar
Look, scrapper, I got nephews to look after
I'm not lookin' at you dudes, I'm lookin' past ya
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in'96
That I came to take this shit, and I did handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham, but the only thing runnin' is numbers, fam
Jigga held you down six summers, damn, where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
I said, where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Then Richard Pryor gon' and burn up
And Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this shit
Nigga, I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talkin' to all of y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous, that's a female trait
What, you mad ‘cause you push dimes and he sell weight? 
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy bigger plates
Hehehe, and more baggies — why you all aggie? 
Nigga, respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit; where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
I said, where's the love? 
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Never, never, never, never change
Ain't never changed, this is Jay, every day
I never change
I never change, this is Jay, every day
I never change
I never change, this is Jay
I am a Roc representer, Hov, summer to winter
Hov, dead or alive, 24/7, 365
One CD or three hundred and sixty pies
What's up to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj
Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours
We run streets like drunks run street lights
We collidin' with life as we speak
We knee-deep in coke, we ki deep in ice
We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke
We all fish, better teach your folk
Give him money to eat, the next week he's broke
‘Cause when you sleep he's reachin' for your throat
Word on the skreet, you reap what you sow
Not out of fear but love, love for the game
Roc family first, we never change, man
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays]
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects? 
I'll never mention your name, I promise respect
Death before dishonor, correct? 
Yup, that's what you promised me, since the Bomber League
Along with, if we stay strong
We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms
Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam
I'm like a dog: I never speak, but I understand
Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war? 
Where your balls at? Whoa, gotta pause that, whoa
Lost 92 bricks, had to fall back
Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back
Had A-1 credit, got more crack
From the first to the fifth, gave it all back
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that? 
This is before rap, this is all fact; I never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays]
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly
Well, fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari
Was so young my big sis' still playin' with Barbie
Young brother, big city, eight million stories
Old heads taught me, youngin, walk softly
Carry a big clip, that'll get niggas off me
Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin' mothy
Chains is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees
That's how it is now, that's how it'll always be
I never change, this is always me
From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom
Drink Army from one cup, pass it around the room
That's the ritual, yup,  Big Ran, I ain't forget you, fool
And all that bullshit you tryin' to get through
This is crew love, move music or move drugs
Rival crews, get your black suits up; I'll never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, ‘cause crime pays]
Out hustlin', same clothes for days
I'll never change, I'm too stuck in my ways
I never change
This is Jay, every day
Who you know like Hov, nigga?
Picture all the possibilities
Picture all the possibilities
Sounds like a love song
Sounds like a love song
The most incredible, baby
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Good dude, I know you love me like cooked food
Even though a nigga gotta move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We shoulda been together havin' Four Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
So now we travel first class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view ‘cause you held no punches
Still I left you for months on end
I's been months since I checked back in
We're somewhere in a small town
Somewhere lockin' a mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside a nigga so sick
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I got to let the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
On repeat, the CD of Big's 
Me & My Bitch
Watchin' Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin' to be that shit
Empty gun in your hand, sayin', 
Let me see that clip! 
Shopping sprees, pull out your Visa quick
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6
We was so happy poor, but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed and we got flipped
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit
Made me speed that quick, let me see — that's it
It was the cheese, helped them bitches get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin' they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then I showed up in that dubbed out buggy
And then they got fuzzy
And they don't remember that, and I don't remember you
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
Yeah, I've seen'em comin' down your eyes
But I got to make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home is that you had a special friend
So what was oh so special then? 
You have given away without gettin' at me
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me? 
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me? 
I know the way a nigga livin' was whack
But you don't get a nigga back like that! 
Shit, I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had, just like that
I was just fuckin' them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever
I'll mourn forever
Shit, I've got to live with the fact I did you wrong forever
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I got to let the song cry
I know, I've seen'em comin' down your eyes
But I got to make the song cry
I can't see'em comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry
I's the Roc! Wooo! 
Nike Airs is right 
My bucket is low 
My Rocawear is fittin' incredible
Fuck it, I guess I got my swagger back
Mama, they said I killed a man
Well, I guess I got the dagger back
I's the Roc, bastards, we are back in the heezy
Jiggaman, B. Sieg to M-Easy 
Oschino and Sparks and Freeweezy 
Mickey, Mallory, Chris and Neef, hey! 
All I need is the love of my crew
The whole industry can hate me, I thugged my way through
And all I need is a chick that hold a jammy
Like Meth and Mary, like Marvin and Tammi
Now understand we can't be stopped
From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops
Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty
A nigga been focused since I said hi to 30 
Young niggas, y'all can't hurt me
Better watch and observe me
And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar
I set fire to your empire
I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off the rim tires
Yes I-ah… Jay I-ah
Double G-A livewire, nigga, holla back! 
All I need, Rocawear 
Nike Airs 
Mean bucket 
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets 
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need, that new coupe 
A doo-rag and a pocket full of loot 
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way
Come on… now, all I need in this world of sin
Is me and my girlfriend! 
I got a little two-two, I call her Peggy Sue
When I'm off in the club she fit right in my shoe 
Gotta switch her to my waist, just in case 
A clown wanna flip, gotta reach for my bitch
Wanna act out a movie, I could give you a clip 
But no ad-libbin', nigga, stick to the script
Now all I need is a high-priced lawyer
'Cause it's foul ways nowadays, everybody saw you
And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew
Can't even steal on a nigga, muh'fuckas will sue
In this time and age, what's a real muh'fucka to do
When I'm surrounded by squeal muh'fuckas like you? 
But real niggas don't fret'cause the number one crew
R to the O to the C comin' true
All I need, Rocawear 
Nike Airs 
Mean bucket 
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets 
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need, that new coupe 
A doo-rag and a pocket full of loot 
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way
Listen, the cream too long, my team too strong
Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone
Y'all niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on 
Y'all whole block deserted, y'all fiends are gone 
The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith
Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willy Beamen 
Any given Sunday gunplay's optional
However niggas want it like Soul II Soul 
Whoever got hops get blocked, go to the hole
Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit
Plus the jab is sick, and it's Zab quick
Left hand'll lean'em like a little past six
Now run along wit'cha little-ass hits
Read my rap sheet, nigga: three classics! 
Shut your bumba', got A-Rod numbers
All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk
When I blast the pump
I leave you relaxed in the hospital, lookin' at M*A*S*H for months
Then I dumps dough on the D.A. desk
And flee scot-free and pee-pee on the steps
We've got no respect, no law or governin'
Why you fuckin' with him? Matter fact, why you fuckin' with them? 
All y'all need is the R-O-C baby
All I need, Rocawear 
Nike Airs 
Mean bucket 
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets 
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need, that new coupe 
A doo-rag and a pocket full of loot 
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way
Listen 
Rocafella Records, Freeway
Oskino and Sparks, Chris & Neef
Mickey and Mallory
Broad Street Bully
M-Extra Money, ha
Young! 
H to the izzo, Clue, Rell, uh-huh
Yeah, yeah 
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it? 
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do, through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid, I penetrate pop culture
Bring'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up ‘cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown
When child support knocked – no, he's not around
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays
From frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it? 
I help them see they way through it – not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with'em a minute
‘Cause see, they call me a menace
And if the shoe fits I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all will swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics? 
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits? 
But there's a huge interference
They're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment? 
Nah, nah, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here? 
I don't think you do, so stay tuned
And keep your ears glued to the stereo
‘Cause here we go, he's Jigga, Jigga, Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a—
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
‘Cause I'm a renegade! 
Never been afraid to talk about anything
 Anything! 
Renegade!  renegade! 
Anything?  Anything! 
I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat
Feelin' braver, durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me, I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan my pops left me
And often my momma wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
'Specially on nights I brought somethin' home
To quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor, thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics
Raisin' my head to the sky, Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape? 
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' Dixie
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, ‘cause I'm a muh'fuckin'—
Renegade! Never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
‘Cause I'm a renegade! 
Never been afraid to talk about anything
 Anything! 
Renegade!  renegade! 
Anything?  Anything!
Uhh uhh uhh, feel me now, listen
Momma loved me, pop left me
Mickey fed me, Annie dressed me
Eric fought me, made me tougher
Love you for that my nigga no matter what bruh
Marcy raised me, and whether right or wrong
Streets gave me all I write in the song
Hootie babysitted, changed my diapers
Gil introduced me to the game that changed my life up
East Trenton grew me, had me skipping school
Valencia's boyfriend Volvo had me making moves
Momma raised me, pop I miss you
God help me forgive him I got some issues
Mickey cleaned my ears, Annie shampooed my hair
Eric was fly.. shit, I used to steal his gear
I was the baby boy, I could do no wrong
Yeah it's going past fast, let's move along
Kitchen table, that's where I honed my skills
Jaz made me believe this shit was real
Labels turned me down, couldn't foresee
Clark sought me out, Dame believed
Primo laced me, Ski did too
Reasonable Doubt classic, shoulda went triple
Momma loved me, pop left me
Grandma dressed me, plus she fed me
Banana pudding, was in the hood then
Puffin on L's, drinking pink Champale
Ty rolled with a nigga, V.A. spot
Tone, Mike'Zo and them niggas, V.A.'s locked
Biggs fucked with a nigga, whassup Hoff'? 
Bee-High hated the fact I put rap to the back
Money pouring in, clientele growing now
Birth of my first nephew, time to slow it down
October 21st, Lavelle came to the world
Followed by three more boys and then a baby girl
Momma loved me, Ti-Ti Uncle Jay
Loves you to death won't let no trouble come your way
Oh, can't forget my man down in Maryland
He's gone'til November, how can I not remember? 
Tell your moms I'm there for her and Tiembra
And your son too - there's nothing I won't do
Unless you was me, how could you judge me? 
I was brought up in pain, y'all can't touch me
Police pursued me; chased, cuffed and subdued me
Talked to me rudely; cause I'm young rich and I'm black
And living a movie, not living by rules
New rap patrolling the city, follow my crews
Bleek you're still with me, nigga what did I say? 
Your time is coming you one hit away
Beans I ain't trying to change you, just give you some game
To make the transition, from the street to the fame
My momma loves me
So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home
You understand? Once you memorize a sentence
I's like an exercise
Y'all niggas can't be serious right now
I'm the all time heavyweight champion of flows
I'm leading the league in at least six statistical categories right now:
Best flow, most consistent, realest stories
Most charisma, I set the most trends
And my interviews are hotter
Holla
I jog in the graveyard
Spar in the same ring
That was housed by the building
Where Malcolm X was slain
I spring train in the winter
Round early December
Run suicide drills over and over
With the weight of the world on my shoulder
That's why they call me 
Hova
I'm far from being God
But I work goddamn hard
I wake up the birds so when the nerds asleep
I'm catching my second wind the second the first one end
I am focused man
And I'm not afraid of death
And I'm going all out
I circle the vultures in a van and
I run the block 
Pull up in a drop 
Push up on my money 
I'm in great shape dunny
I keep jacks jumping thirty six sets
Like a personal trainer I teach coke to stretch
I pump in Roc sweats
All white trainers
The ghetto's Billy Blanks
I show you niggas what pain is
Maintain your stamina
Hov will damage ya
Spot you two rhymes y'all niggas is amateurs
The fifth
A dead lift if
Niggas don't want to get shot then y'all niggas better squat
I drop your set for rep
No need to hit the showers
The spit from the fifth leave you wet
Lyrical exercise
Y'all niggas ain't tired right? 
One, One
Two, Two
Three, Three
Four, Breathe Easy
Suckers
Get your weight up
Not your hate up
Jigga man is diesel
When I lift the eight up
Y'all ain't ready to workout with the boy
Your flow is brain on drugs
Mines is rap on steroids
I lift every voice when I sing
My ability
Make yours look like an exercise in futility
Bring your squad
Biceps, Triceps, and Quads
We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles
Y'all ain't real
That's y'all Achilles Heel
Same routine when you see me you know the drill
I spot ya
I lift the weight of the watch off your arm
Remain nice and calm
Put down your things
Trinidad of the game know my way around your ring
No matter how many pounds you bring
It sounds like the same old thing
R-O-C is the strongest team
Fuckers
I'm not a one girl's guy... 
Ain't they know it, when it comes to love, I don't lie 
And the girls respect me for it 
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be open 
But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Whoo! Who you lovin, who you wanna be huggin, heh
Who you wit, who you wanna be fuckin
Got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question
I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression
To put this in laymen's term, I gave her some knowledge
She gave me, brains in return, she had to drop out of college
Knowin she does this homework, I give her in house tutoring
In and out I'm movin through her student body union and
She, call me professor, say daddy come and test her
So she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester
I'm like, at this rate ma you never graduate
She said, I ain't no fool I'll make it up in summer school
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Now let the people sing
I'm tryin girls out,  just tryin girls out
Yo put your number on this paper cuz I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Huh, who you lovin, who you wanna be fuckin
Who said what, why you trippin girl, why's you fussin? 
Got this model slash actress slash part time waitress
Spend a whole day she hangin round with part time haters
All they do is dish dirt and put a up on my latest
Itinerary, but since I tend to vary, see
I tend to carry, more rumors than ten Mariah Careys
Tend to hurries in ten places at once
Plus she can't front just peep how I run mines
Ma, our time together is our time together, and uh
Our time apart is our time apart
So love Jay with your mind girl and not your heart
And some day I slow down, but for now I get around
Like the late Makaveli or Perelli twenty inches
Or caine and O-dog, stick up tape from menace
You tell'em chicks if they must know my buisness
I'm lookin for, southern girl that cook like Patti La
Belle
Big ghetto booty, scarf over her doobie
Chanel under the Louis, Gucci over her booty
Vicky cover her titties, attitude of the city
Pretty, witty, girly, worldly
One who likes to party but come home early
Light kinda dark, short sorta tall
Slim, kinda thick I swear I love'em all
She can cook the coke and got hook up on the license
But she can get you first class seats for coach prices
Isn't this great, my flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds
I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie, and the girls respect me for it
Ain't gonna say my nose? can't be over
But right now it's just too many fine ladies out there to choose one from
I'm tryin girls out, waiting patiently
Just tryin girls out, until I find the one for me
To this whole fake bullshit industry, Thanks for being so fake and keeping me on my toes! 
I Love Ya'll Holla Back!
Yessir! 
They can't stop me
Even if they stopped me
Hahahah, yeah
I'm on it
Ooh, I'm on it
I'm so on it
And however you want it
You can get it tonight ho
And all night ho
I get the beat from 
Fuckin' right ho
I might go
Crazy on these niggas, I don't give a motherfuck
Run up in a nigga house and shoot his grandmother up
What! What! I don't give a motherfuck
Get ya baby kidnapped and ya baby-mother fucked
I's tha Carter 3, bitch, better put your supper up
Hollygrove, I throw it up
Like I'm trying to lose my gut
Fuck is up? 
Beat him up
Like a million uppercuts
Got a million duffled up
For the fuck
Of it
Shit
Get on my level
You can't get on my level
You gon' need a space shuttle
Or a ladder that's forever
However
I'm better
If not now, then never
Don't you ever fix your lips
Unless you'bout to suck my dick
Bitch
Swallow my words
Taste my thoughts
And if it's too nasty
Spit it back at me
Two more inches, I'd have been in that casket
According to the doctor, I could've died in traffic
Bounce right back on them bitches, like Magic
Abracadabra
I'm up, like Viagra
I just do this shit for my clique, like Adam Sandler
I control hip-hop and I'mma keep it on my channel
Watch me
Bitch, watch me
Bitch, watch me
But they cannot-see me
Like Hitler
I's the New Orleans nightmare
Money so old
I's growing white hair
Young Money, baby
Yeah we right here
I'mma make sure we ball
'Til we fall
Like tears
And mama, don't cry
Your son can handle his
I got her out the hood
And put her in the hills
Yeah, when I was 14
I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough
I got Miss Cita in a better place
When I was 14
I told my mom we will see better days
And sure enough
We did exactly what I say
I told my girl
When you fuck me
Better fuck me good
Cause if another girl could
She gonna fuck me good
No sitting at the table
If you bringing nothing to it
And I get straight to it
Like it's nothing to it
Yeah, I got game like Stuart
Scott
Fresh out the ESPN shop
And when Sports
Center poppin'
Everything stoppin'
But you can't fool me
I know what you watchin'
Me! 
You watch me
You watch me
Cause I be
Weezy
Must see
T.V
C3
Nigga that's me
And I'm me
I'm me
Times three
So retreat
Or suffer defeat
I'm back, 3-peat
C3
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Like I, I feel big, you know? 
Like not big in the sense of weight, you know what I mean? 
Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that, like colossal
Like, know what I mean, like 
I heard you were lookin' for me
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why 
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say 
Church, I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do? But I'ma leave it to
God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the Sun
Got Spring hatin' on me'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Around the world and I'm back again! 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me? 
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Around the world now I'm back again! 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me? 
They've been wondering why 
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: 
Wayne quit! 
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call them April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up! 
Feet up, like a parapleguc
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream 
Soo-woo and 
Da-da-do
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me? 
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me? 
They've been wondering why 
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother? 
Show no mercy to Murcielago
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
 Young! 
 I's my go, yeah…
And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Camacho Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status-quo
Flow, so, pro
I know I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, 
What up, killa?  Man, stop bringin' up my past! 
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, baby! 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching 
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter 
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching 
They've been wondering why 
Hey, Mr. Carter
Tell me, where have you been? 
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
I's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Ahh, we'll lose two lives: yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
Young Money! You dig? 
Mack, I'm going in
A millionaire, I'm a Young Money millionaire
Tougher than Nigerian hair
My criteria compared to your career just isn't fair
I'm a venereal disease, like a menstrual, bleed
Through the pencil, I leak on the sheet of the tablet in my mind
‘Cause I don't write shit, ‘cause I ain't got time
‘Cause my seconds, minutes, hours go to the almighty dollar
And the almighty power of that ch-cha-cha-chopper
Sister, brother, son, daughter, father; mother-fuck a copper
Got the Maserati dancin' on the bridge, pussy poppin'
Tell the coppers: 
Ha-ha-ha-ha
You can't catch him, you can't stop him
I go by them goon rules: if you can't beat'em, then you pop'em
You can't man'em, then you mop'em
You can't stand'em, then you drop'em
You pop'em ‘cause we pop'em like Orville Redenbacher
Motherfucker, I'm ill
A million here, a million there
Sicilian bitch with long hair, with coke in her derriere
Like smoke in the thinnest air
I open the Lamborghini, hopin' them crackers see me
Like, 
Look at that bastard Weezy! 
He's a beast, he's a dog, he's a mothafuckin' problem
Okay, you're a goon, but what's a goon to a goblin? 
Nothin', nothin', you ain't scarin' nothin'
On some faggot bullshit: call'em Dennis Rodman
Call me what you want, bitch! Call me on my Sidekick! 
Never answer when it's private, damn, I hate a shy bitch
Don't you hate a shy bitch? Yeah, I ate a shy bitch
And she ain't shy no more: she changed her name to My Bitch
Yeah, nigga, that's my bitch, so when she ask
For the money when you through, don't be surprised, bitch! 
It ain't trickin' if you got it
But you like a bitch with no ass: you ain't got shit
Motherfucker, I'm ill, not sick
And I'm okay, but my watch sick, yeah, my drop sick
Yeah, my Glock sick, and my knot thick — I'm it
Motherfucker, I'm ill
They say I'm rappin' like B.I.G., Jay, and 2Pac
André 3000, where is Erykah Badu at? Who that? 
Who that said they gon' beat Lil Wayne? 
My name ain't Bic, but I keep that flame, man
Who that one that do that, boy? 
You knew that, true that, swallow
And I be the shit, now you got loose bowels
I don't owe you like two vowels
But I would like for you to pay me by the hour
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers
Than to be in the pen sharin' showers
Tony told us this world was ours
And the Bible told us every girl was sour
Don't play in her garden and don't smell her flower
Call me Mr. Carter or Mr. Lawn Mower
Boy, I got so many bitches, like I'm Mike Lowrey
Even Gwen Stefani said she couldn't doubt me
Motherfucker, I say: 
Life ain't shit without me.
Chrome lips pokin' out the coupe, look like it's poutin'
I do what I do, and you do what you can do about it
Bitch, I can turn a crack rock into a mountain — dare me! 
Don't you compare me, ‘cause there ain't nobody near me
They don't see me but they hear me
They don't feel me but they fear me; I'm illy, C3, 3 Peat
Yeah, yeah! 
I need a Winn-Dixie grocery bag full of money  
Right now to the VIP section 
You got Young Mula in the house tonight, baby 
Yeah, haha, yeah, Young 
Young, Young, Young, Young Mula baby! 
If you got money  and you know it 
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 Now I was bouncing through the club
She love the way I diddy-bop
I see her boyfriend hatin' like a city cop
Now I ain't never been a chicken but my fifty cocked
Say I ain't never been a chicken but my semi cocked
Now where your bar at? I'm tryna rent it out
And we so bout it bout it, now what are you about? 
DJ showin' love he say my name when the music stop
Young Money, Lil Wayne then the music drop
I make it snow, I make it flurry
I make it all back tomorrow, don't worry
Yeah, it's young Wayne on the hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Young Money
If you got money  and you know it 
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 It go one for the money, two for the show
Now clap your hands if you got a bankroll 
Like some clap on lights in this bitch
I'mma be clappin' all night in this bitch
Lights off, mask on
Creep silent, she smiling
He muggin', who cares
Cause my goons, are right here
Like it's nothing, to a big dog
And I'm a Great Dane, I wear 8 chains
I mean so much ice, they yell, 
Skate, Wayne! 
She wanna fuck Weezy but she wanna rape Wayne
If you got money  and you know it 
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
Okay, it's young Wayne on these hoes
A.K.A Mr. Make-it-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Like ayyy! And everybody say
Mr. Rainman can we have a rainy day? 
Bring an umbrella, please bring an umbrella
'Ella,'ella,'ella, ayyy! 
Bitch ain't shit but a ho and a trick
But you know it ain't trickin' if you got it
You know we ain't fuckin if you not thick
And I'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit
So Rolex watch this, I do it, four, five, six
My click-clack goes the black four-fifth
And just like it I'll blow that shit
Cause bitch I'm the bomb like tick, tick
BIATCH! 
If you got money  and you know it 
Then take it out your pocket and show it then throw it like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
If you getting mugged from everybody you see
Then hang over the wall of the VIP like
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 This-a-way  that-a-way
 Yeah, it's young Wayne on the hoes
AKA Mr. Make-It-Rain-On-Them-Hoes
Yeah, young Wayne on the hoes
Make a stripper fall in love, T-Pain on them hoes
Uh-huh... um, Young Mula baby
I'm not saying this to shake you up 
I'm just saying this to wake you up 
I's all good when we're making love
All I'm asking is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
Yeah, to the left, to the left
If you wanna leave, be my guest, you can step
Feeling irreplaceable, listening to Beyoncé
Well, okay, I put you out on your B'day
Hey, now you be rocking with Weezy
Bedroom in the bank, baby we safe
I got game like EA
But I wanna let you play
And don't I treat you like soufflé? 
Don't I look at you like I see a new day? 
And don't I do what I do say? 
I'm through talking so I'mma let you'Face
And let'Ye do'Ye
I'm not saying this to shake you up 
I'm just saying this to wake you up 
I's all good when we're making love
All I'm asking is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
Yeah, let me catch my breath
Talking'bout leaving and you ain't gone yet
And if you leave, leave correct
And I'mma send a jet to pick up the next
And if you leave, you leaving the best
So you will have to settle for less
And I am no Elliott Ness
I don't handcuff, I don't arrest
I do confess to the murder scene
Cause under them sheets, I am a mess
Yes, baby you're blessed
Now just don't jump your nest, come on
I'm not saying this to shake you up 
I'm just saying this to wake you up 
I's all good when we're making love
All I'm asking is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
Yeah, it's no sweat, no sweat
I would never 1-2-3-4-get
About you, your love, your sex
You know I work you out like Bowflex
Ha-ha, I jokes no stress
Love, live life, proceed, progress
Make sure the neighbors get no rest
We can get together never disconnect
Yeah, your back, your neck
Funny how that song hasn't got old yet
To us, so let's project
You stay in, never incorrect
'Face! 
I'm not saying this to shake you up 
I'm just saying this to wake you up 
I's all good when we're making love
All I'm asking is don't take our love
For granted, cause granted, my love for you is real
And if you don't love me, somebody else will
Baby girl don't you, ever, get too, comfortable
Word to God, my momma gon' like this one, yeah
Yo, I think everybody gonna like this one, yeah, I got one
Thank you, Mr. West! Carter! Tre! 
I'm out
Wheres my coffee? 
Good morning Dr. Carter
Hey sweetie
Looks like it's gonna be a long day
Ahh, another one huh? What we got
Your first patient
Yeah
Is suffering from a lack of concepts
Uh-huh
Originality
Ugghh
His flow is weak
Another one
And he has no style
Ugghhh
What you got for him? 
Tssss okay
Let me put my gloves on
And my scrubs on
Dr. Carter to the rescue
Excuse me if I'm late
But like a thief it takes
Time to be this great
Uhh, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace
Your rhymes are fifth-place
And I'm just grace
One, uno, ace
And I'm trying make your heart beat like bass
Hmm-mm, but you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix whatever you shall break
Where is your originality? You are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like, hey! Brighter than a sun ray
Got a pistol on a playground, watch the gun-play
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday
Gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei
You gotta have faith, you gottta, gotta
Wait, wait, I think I, I think I lost him
Good afternoon Dr. Carter
Nurse
I don't know about this one
His confidence is down
Vocab and metaphors needs work
And he lacks respect for the game
Uhhhh let me see
You think you can save him? 
Okay, respect is in the heart
So that's where I'mma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
But, hey kid
Plural, I graduated
'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling
Or re-reciting something
'Cause you just like it
So you say it just like it
Some say it's biting
But I say it's enlightening
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'm a doctor, they don't understand my writing
So I stopped writing
Now I'm like lightning
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting
My passion is frightening
Now let me put some more vocab in your IV
Here, take this Vicodin
Like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind
I don't walk it like I talk it'cause I run it
I don't do it'cause I done it
And I'm in the emergency un-it
God dunnit I've lost another one
Good evening Dr. Carter, it's been a long day
But this one looks much better than the others
His respect is back up, concepts sound good
His style is showing strong signs of improvement
All he needs now is his swagger
Okay, let me take my gloves off then
Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly, go hard, like geese erection
Fashion patrol police detection
Eyes stay tight like Chinese Connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby don't get me wrong I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to right
Too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
Had to say it twice
Swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow
'Cause I mean every letter in the words
In the sentence of my quotes
Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats
That swagger, I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait, as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow
His blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow
This one's starting to show
Strong signs of life
Where's the stitches, here's the knife
Smack his face, his eyes open, I reply 
What a night
Welcome back, Hip hop — I saved your life
He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one, Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one, we saved him he's good
He's good, we got one, he's good
He's good, we got him
We saved him, he's a go
He's good
This is, this is, this is, this is
We are not the same, I am a Martian
We are not the same, I am a Martian
Greetings from Planet Weezy
We will begin transmission in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
We are not the same, I am a Martian
And I'm hotter than summer rain like Carl Thomas
Lock, load, ready to aim at any target
I could get your brains for a bargain like I bought it from Target
Hip hop is my supermarket
Shopping cart full of fake hip hop artists
I'm starving, sorry, I gotta eat all it
And I'll be back in the morning
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
We are not the same, I am a alien
Like Gonzales, young college
Student, who done just flipped the game like Houston
I'm used to promethazine in two cups, I'm screwed up
And you ain't shit if you ain't never been screwed up
Flow so sick make you wanna throw your food up
Ice water chest, and my wrist like a cool cup
Two twin clippers, I give your ass a crew cut
I get bread like cold cuts, you know what? 
Your girl go down fast, come up slow but I never slow up
Weezy! 
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
They don't make'em like me no more
Matter of fact, they never made it like me before
I'm rare, like Mr. Clean with hair
No brake lights on my car rear
I never had life and I never had fear
I rap like I done died and gone to heaven, I swear
And yeah, I'm a bear, like black and white hair, so I'm polar
And they can't get on my system'cause my system is the solar
I am so far from the othars, I meant others
I just eat them for supper, get in my spaceship and hover, hover
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
And if you feel like you're the best
Go'head and do the Weezy-We, and
Phone home! Weezy
Phone home! Weezy
We are at war with the universe
The sky is falling and the only thing that can save us now
Is sensitivity and compassion
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da
Da da da, da-da-da, da da da, ooohh
But I know one thing's for sure
I'm gonna get my kicks before it all burns down
Yeah, some say tragedy's hard to get over
But sometimes that tragedy means it's over
Soldier, from the academy league of rollers
I deny being down though they seem to hold us
My shoulders are strong, I prove'em wrong
I ain't doing nothing but moving on, let the truth be known
But they talked that freedom at us
And didn't even leave a ladder, damn
I work at the corner store
We all got problems, problems
No one's gonna fly down low
No one's gonna save us now
How you feel you're not alone
We're all just jealous, jealous
We don't reach the sky no more
We just can't overcome, no
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be? 
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? 
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see? 
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be? 
I, knock on the door, hope isn't home
Fate's not around, the luck's all gone
Don't ask me what's wrong, ask me what's right
And I'mma tell you what's life, and did you know
I lost everything, but I ain't the only the one
First came the hurricane, then the morning sun
Excuse me if I'm on one
And don't trip if I light one, I walk a tight one
They tryna tell me keep my eyes open
My whole city underwater, some people still floating
And they wonder why black people still voting
Cause your president still choking
Take away the football team, the basketball team
And all we got is me to represent New Orleans, shit
No governor, no help from the mayor
Just a steady beating heart and a wish and a prayer
Let's pray
These friends they come and go
But I got family, family
These kids so fast they grow
They learn so quickly now
That there's nowhere to go
That there's no future, future
Don't make this here so low
And we can't overcome, no
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be? 
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? 
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see? 
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be? 
Yeah, and if you come from under that water then there's fresh air
Just breathe, baby, God's got a blessing to spare
Yes I know the process is so much stress
But it's the progress that feels the best
Cause I came from the projects straight to success
And you're next, so try they can't steal your pride, it's inside
Then find it and keep on grinding
Cause in every dark cloud, there's a silver lining, I know
Yeah, yeah, yeah
See right now we just riding on love
A shot in the dark
We ain't tryin to do nothing but hit the heart
We need love
That's all y'all, that's all
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be? 
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? 
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see? 
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be? 
You tie my hands, what am I gonna be? 
What have I done so bad? What is my destiny? 
You tie my hands, what am I suppose to see? 
What have I done so bad? What am I gonna be? 
Yeah, born right here in the USA
But due to tragedy looked on by the whole world as a refugee
So accept my emotion
Do not take it as an offensive gesture
I's just the epitome of my soul and I must be me
We got spirit y'all, we got spirit
We got soul y'all, we got soul
They don't want us to see, but we already know
Ayy
Ayy 
Hey 
Ayy, ayy, ayy
 Woo woo woo!  yeah yeah yeah
 Woo woo woo!  yeah yeah yeah
 Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
 Woo woo woo! 
 When I get up all in ya 
We can hear the angels calling us 
We can see the sunrise before us 
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
 I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee  wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
I make ya say
Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off her lights
She said I had the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking'bout  yeah
 Yeah  yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking'bout 
Yeah  yeah
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us 
We can see the sunrise before us 
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee 
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee  I'll make ya say
Haha, and after we got done
I said 
Lady, what's your number?  she said 911
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
And I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said 
Beat it like a cop
But I ain't tryna be violent
I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh? 
 Yeah
 Like a cop car
 When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
Hands so big, you thought I told, 
Pull it over
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in the back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is...
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say
Yeah, I see you big bro
I'mma kill these niggas man, yeah
Straight off the block with it
Eagle Street to be specific
I'm peeping at you people different
I pay my dues, you keep the difference
I can see the end in the beginning
So I'm not racing, I'm just sprinting
'Cause I don't wanna finish
They diminish
I replenish
Scientific
I'm out this world ho
I wear bright red, like a girl toe
No homo
Fingernails dirty
I've been counting dirty money since 12:30
A.M
Weigh them
If they short, take them
Right back and spray him
Amen
Yeah, I just do my Wayne
And every time I do it, I do my thang
Yeah, believe that, like a true story
Rims big, make the car look like it's two stories
If I hop out, that'd be suicide
No back seats, call that paralyze
I don't have a spine
I don't fantasize
I mastermind
Then go after mine
You see I handle mine
I dismantle mine
I tote a tool box, bitch it's hammer time
So excuse me as I nail'em to something
I'm just repel'em
I'mma kill'em
Someone tell'em
I'mma kill'em
I'm gon' fill'em up
His momma can't tell'em
And the doctors can't heal'em
I'mma kill'em
And yeah we sell'em
I know you smell'em
And if you want it, you could just yell it
And it be in the morning, at your'telly
Whole ki go for twenty
Half a ki go for eleven
After me there will be nothing
I Am Legend
And I Will Smith
Now that's how ya let the beat build bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now that's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, it goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, now say
Heh, c’mon
Just a snare and a 808
Weezy Baby on the mic, D.O.A
OK, I'd like to thank Kanye
And my nigga Deezle
From giving me this Diesel
Like an F-350
Tank never empty
Damn everybody in the bank act friendly
Used to think my shit didn't stink, boy was I wrong
Approving million dollar deals from my i
Phone
I'mma take it one-two-way back
Like a silk wife beater and a wave cap
Or the wave pool
At Blue Bayou
And I waved, fool
As I blew by you
Hello, hi you
I can buy you
But I wouldn't try you
Feed you to Piru
I know what I'm doing
I show and prove
And show improvement
And I know just to go into it
Could never amount to going through it
Whatever, how you wanna do it
We can do it like we late
Ay, wait
Deezle, let me just get the 808
As I hit the kill switch
Now, that's how you let the beat build, bitch! 
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
And the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, it goes
Boom Bi-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Boom, now everybody say, yeah
That I am the best rapper alive
I am the best rapper alive
And I will eat you alive
Think I'm lying? 
Damn
I'mma get in a nigga chest like a bunch of phlegm
Like a fucking ram
On the hunt for the lamb
I'm a dump'em man
In a dumpster can
You ain't a soldier, ask Uncle Sam
Hair nappy like Pam
Nigga fuck your plan
Fuck your man
You ain't a pimp unless you get the same bitch
To fuck your man
And fuck your clan
And all my bitches know that's my plan
Oh god damn
There's my sam–ple
Play it like that's my band
Gotta get it cleared
Suck my dick with red lipstick and don't let it smear
And I got a lot of tattoos, and I meant every tear
And I'm still on that street shit
Back to the beat bitch
That's how you let the beat build, bitch
Now what's how you let the beat build, bitch
Let the beat build, they say
And the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, it goes
Boom Bi-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Boom, now everybody say
And the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, it goes
Boom Bi-Boom Boom, the beat goes
Boom Bi-Boom Bi-Boom, they say
Open up your hearts people
Page one, chapter one
Verse motherfucking one, yeah, uh-huh
I'm drinking hot tea bitch, feel me
Yeah, now if you let me, you won't regret me
Shit, if you let me, you won't forget me
Remember? And if you don't then ponder
Hold up, pow-pow, there's a reminder
I ain't kinda hot, I'm sauna
I sweat money, and the bank is my shower
Haha, and that pistol is my towel
Haha, so stop sweating me coward
And I would, die for ours
Ride for hours, supply the flowers
This is history in the making
Now shut the fuck up and let me make it
Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
I swear this tea is at a real good temperature right now
So am I, yeah, yeah
I spit Alcatraz bars, I know
And D-boys is the only Alphabet Boys I know
Got a.380 on my waist and Rambo back home
No more bandana'round my dome, bandana in my right pocket
Bitch I'm grown, fuck what you on
Now watch me stand on the world as I sit in a throne
And if I jump, I'mma fly and look into the eagle's eye
And see I am nothing like you, why? 
Bitch, see, it gets me how nothing gets me or get to me
And if you shootin' for the stars then just shoot me
But your bullets don't reach Mars
Paws, claws, because, I'm a beast, I'm a dog
I'll getcha, my picture should be in the dictionary
Next to the definition of 
Definition
Because repetition is the father of learnin'
And son, I know your barrel burnin', but
Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Please don't shoot me down
Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
Hey, talked to my daddy
Pop, I did it to'em, I'm a bastard
And I'mma do it again like nigga backwards
These niggas backwards, but they behind us
Now watch me get high like time's up
Nah D, bring the drums back
And watch me hit'em where they lungs at, like that
I get respect cause if I don't I'mma take it
I see your boys hatin' and I see your girls naked
Drum, sound like a naked gun, switch clips with my thumb
Then I pop another clip in, and aim at his vision
Cause Wayne is his vision, cause Wayne is the mission
I'm aiming at a mirror
Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
And I've done it before
Please don't make me do it no more
Please don't shoot me down
Cause I'm flying, I'm higher
Watch me soar
Where the fuck is my guitar? Now roar
Ohhhhhhhhhh
Please don't shoot me down, cause I'm flying
I'm flying, I'm higher
Oww! Uh-huh
No homo, Young Moolah baby
I said he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
So I let her lick the rapper
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty wanna thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Okay, lil mama had a swag like mine
She even wear her hair down her back like mine
I make her feel right when it's wrong like lyin'
Man, she ain't never had a love like mine
But man, I ain't never seen an ass like hers
That pussy in my mouth had me lost for words
So I told her back it up like, burp, burp
And made that ass jump like, jerp, jerp
And that's when she
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop 
She, she licked me like a lollipop 
She, she, she licked me like a lollipop 
She, she licked me like a lollipop
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty wanna thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Now get up after you back it up, don't stop
Drop it, shawty, drop it like it's hot
Ooh, drop it like it's hot
Do it, shawty, don't stop
Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't shit
Shawty say the nigga that she with ain't this
Shawty say the nigga that she with can't hit
But, shawty, I'ma hit it, hit it like I can't miss
And he can't do this,  and he don't do that! 
Shawty need a refund, need to bring that nigga back
Just like a refund, I make her bring that ass back
And she bring that ass back, because I like that
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
Shawty wanna lick me like a lollipop
So I let her lick the rapper like a lollipop
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Stat! 
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
Shawty want a thug
Bottles in the club
Shawty wanna hump
You know I love to touch ya lovely lady lumps
I get her on top, she drop it like it's hot
And when I'm at the bottom, she Hillary Rodham
The middle of the bed, givin', gettin' head
Givin', gettin' head, givin', gettin' head
I said hmm, I like that
Said hmm, yeah, I like that
I said hmm, yeah, I like that, hmm
Call me, so I can come and do it for ya
Call me, so I can come and prove it for ya
Call me, so I can make it juicy for ya
Call me, so I can get it juicy for ya
Shawty wanna lick, lick, lick, lick, lick me like a lollipop
She, she licked me like a lollipop
I said he's so sweet, make her wanna lick the wrapper
 So I let her lick the rapper
 David David David David David Banner
 Sittin' in a Caddy, White like Betty
Floatin' up the aisle like the bride and her Daddy
Hip-hop addict, hip-hop addict
Man I swear I'm on top like the attic
Yeah, bitch, I be with my dog like Shaggy
And we stay clean but we get dirty like Harry
Flyer than blue birds, cardinals and canaries
Fuck we, I'm all about me like Paris
Hilton presidential suite already
I'm richer than Nicole and I'm a lion like her daddy
I am hotter than the Sunday after Saturday
I swear I'm a savage like Lil Webbie and Randy
Oscar De La Hoya, box ya like a casket
Or Diego Coralles, nigga keep jabbin'
See, my style it varies, like drugs in an alley
My leather so soft, my paint prettier than Halle
Wittier than comedy, nigga write a parody
But I ain't tellin' jokes... apparently
A parent, yeah my daughter be the twinkle of my eye
You hurt her, you kill me and nigga I ain't'bout to die
See y'all are at ground, and my daughter is my sky
I swear I look in her face and I just want to break out and fly
Four tears in my face and you ain't never heard me cry
I'm richer than all y'all, I got a bank full of pride
Oww! 
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
My paint Bubblicious, the motor so vicious
The rims the same color as the wrapper of a Kisses
Hersey's, I'm hyphy, somethin' like a piston
And when I'm in Detroit, I be ballin' like a Piston
Oh, and did I mention, I'm fly like a pigeon
Higher than gas prices, you Las Vegas trickin'
I'm nine under par in a Bentley golf cart
The Polo be cream but the Prada's caviar
Weezy I'm sick from all this tourin'
You told me  then call me in the morning
Yeah, and I vowed to never trust another woman
In my life, and then I got horny
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
See I ain't goin' nowhere, bitch, you know a nigga been home, honey
Money fuckin' retarded, call it Down Syndrome money
My case sick, shit, they diagnose sickle cell bread
The revenue stream got a disease like a jail bed
Like a mattress from Sing-Sing or way down in Comstock
These bitches call me Bling King, I shit when the bomb drop
And sprinkle diamonds all over niggas, flawless and D-Class
Then twinkle like a shine, just like a sparkle from clean glass
They movin' on a nigga as I'm walkin' the valley, ready? 
And zoomin' with the cameras like I'm dickin' down Halle Berry
My money help me do things that you niggas can't believe
Like purchase persons, places all them things that you can't conceive
Like interactin' with women the caliber of Janet
I sit and master my vision and massacre the planet 
I hope you niggas know just what it is
While I'm countin' my paper, niggas know I'm handlin' my biz
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Started with my girlfriend, ended with her homies
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Started out hustlin' 
Nigga I'm the shit, get the fuck up out my toilet
Street
Runner
So you've got so many diamonds
You wear all the finest clothes
And your grill is shining
As you're driving down the streets of gold
But you, can't, blame, me
If I set this stage on fire! 
Momma always told me I was crazy
And my hoes say I'm amazing
But I don't listen to a lady
But the bitch say I'm hot and I say, 
No bitch, I'm blazing
Like, what the fuck you expect? I'm a motherfucking Cajun
And I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doing time
I goes crazy inside, but when it comes out it's fine
Like wine; wait, watch
See? I get better with time like a watch
Osh B'Gosh, Posh Spice husband
Couldn't kick it like I kick it
Bitch, I Kix it
No cereal, like a landing, I sticks it
Wherever she asks me, after she licks it
That's too explicit, well why you listening? 
I smell smoke, and something's sizzling
That's her pussy, so hey pussy
Play with pussy or play pussy
But you, can't, blame, me
If I set this stage on fire
They say you're nobody'til somebody kills you
Well, where I'm from you're nobody'til you kill somebody
And you know what they say, when you great
I's not murder, it's assassinate
So assassinate me, bitch
Cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did
Checking in the same hotel, in the same suite, bitch
Same balcony like 
Assassinate me, bitch! 
I's Lil Tunechi
I don't rap, I film movies
With my rap
You can call me Mr. Director's Chair, yeah, and that's a wrap
Cut! On to the next
Not the next scene, bitch, the next check
Some say the X makes the sex'spect
So play with the pussy or play pussy
So you've got so many diamonds 
You wear all the finest clothes
Lay pussy, do what I, say pussy
And I say, I say, lay pussy
And your grill is shining
Lay pussy, lay pussy, haha, hey pussy
As you're driving down the streets of gold
But you, can't, blame, me
If I set this stage on fire! 
Hey pussy, don't play pussy
Get'em! 
Straight off the corner of Apple and Eagle
Braveheart, bitch, like the times are medieval
Married to the game, divorced the cathedral
Standing on the corner selling porcelain to people
Forced into evil
I's all in your head, it's all so cerebral
Call me Knievel
You follow and I lead you
Straight to the needles
The bottles, the battles, the beetles'll eat you
Momma named Cita, I love you Cita
'Member when your pussy second husband tried to beat ya? 
Remember when I went into the kitchen, got the cleaver? 
He ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither
He could see the devil, see the devil in my features
He could smell the ether, you can see Cita
You can see the Cita, see the Cita in my features
And she don't play neither
But you, can't, blame, me
If I set this stage on fire! 
C3, 3 peat
Yes, what it look like Alc'? 
I'm tryin' to show the niggas man
I's that Street Fam man, we rep that, Loso
Street fi-di-di-di-damn
I'm with 101 niggas, we dalmatian doggy deep 
And I fly with the tongue, so if you feeling froggy, leap 
Kermit, you better think before you ribbit
Don't get murdered over your song, before you ad-lib it
I pop up like Xzibit, but given I'm at your crib it's
Not to put no fucking fish tanks in your Civic
Fuck getting your ride pimped, you'll get hog-tied wimp
Have you in the trunk curled up like fried shrimp
I's been a good year, maybe I should ride blimp
Cause your boy just stay above the game
They trying to tag him, spray a brother frame
But your shots can't reach me, I'm way above your aim
Go'head nigga, say another name
Take this family for a joke, play them Wayan brother games
And I'ma Git You Sucka, I be schemin' with this Keenan
Aimin with this Damon, I'm putting that Major Payne in
My Little Man is on ya, Marlon and Shawn ya
Lay the beef on his noodle, make some Luger lasagna
Forty Cal fettuccine, trey pound pasta
You reach for this medallion, you must like Italian nigga
You only see me pushing if the driver's tired
I work the S6 ever since the 5 retired
The drop top, they say it's Ocean Drive inspired
So you can call a cab once your bitch fall for Fab
Uhh, I get money like a muh'fucker
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Ohh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you ain't never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
I'm on the grind'til the police come
With that pistol on my side boy, don't be dumb
Or, I let that semi twirl you
Now you can follow the drip cause one shot outta the clip'll jheri curl ya
Leave you sloppy like seconds, obey me like peasants
Or get opened up like presents, please
My young boys wildin' for respect
Slit your throat, have you smiling with your neck, say cheese
My dough's a bit longer, my flow is just slaughter
My wrist look like frozen Poland Spring water
So tell me boys, tell me boys, who you think you messin' with
I get money out the ass, that's some expensive shit
Haven't you all heard? Y'all all herbs
I stick toothpicks in y'all hors d'oeuvres
Listen, I'm a shark, y'all just koi fish
Octopus, oysters
Chump, I got my eye on your wifey now
I have her lick me up and then wipe me down
She told me you's a nag, you's a bug 
She told me I'm a blast, I'm a stud 
She told me you be beastin', you be checkin' for the burns
So I gave her knee pads for the rug
I's Skull Gang from the chain to the lifestyle
You surfboard dudes get wiped out, totally
Uhh, I get money like a muh'fucker
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Ohh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you ain't never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Get you 3, 4-get you
Like the number after 1, I'mma get me 2
I's Weezy F U, now you gotta have a baby
My money don't folds nor bends, Mercedes
Maybach, grey-black
And I got a 44. and a'K, like 8 stacks
Fuck your city and your town, I state facts
Take that, no better yet like Diddy, take that
Wait rats, I hate rats, I clean'em out like Ajax
Got paper like a fax machine, asaneen
Damn I mean asinine, I'm dapper don
And after mine there will be nine, damn I mean there will be none
I will be one, of the greatest things you've ever felt, you've ever seen
Or heard, Car-ter, hov-er, y'all scared, not me
Not I, call me Young Popeye
Tell Bluto I'm a nuno, I bring RAL to your funeral
Damn I mean fun-er-ill, fun-er-ol, you say tomato, I say tomahto
You say get'em, I say got'em, yeah I got'em
Man you better keep payin' me cause you don't want my problems
I be wildin' like Capital One, what is in your wallet? 
You fly, but what is it to pilot? 
Weezy I'm at the top, foot up in your bottom
Huh, damn I mean, foot up in your ass
I kick that shit now gon' put it in the trash
Uhh, I get money like a muh'fucker
Shades darker than a bitch but I can see
I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Ohh, I'm gettin' money like a muhfucka
Yeah, money you ain't never see
Yeah, I got everything, you got nothing
But you ain't got nothing on me
Baby, you understand me now
If sometimes you see that I'm mad
Don't you know no one alive can always be an angel? 
When everything goes wrong you see some bad
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
What’s understood ain’t gotta be explained
But you don't understand me
So let me explain
Stood in the heat, the flame
The snow
Please slow down hurricane
The wind blow
My dreads swang
He had hair like wool
Like Wayne
Dropping ashes in the Bible
I shake'em out
And they fall on the rifle
Scary
Hail Mary
No tale-fairy
All real, very
Extra-ordinary
Perry Mason facin' the barrel if he tattle
My God is my judge; no gown, no gavel
A hound, a rebel
Down to battle
Now or never
Or whenever
And the F for
Fucking fantastic
Fuck if you agree
I'm bright
But I don't give a fuck if you see me
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
What's understood ain't gotta be explained
So for those who understand, meet Dwayne
For eight and a half months I gave Miss Cita pain
Now it's Young Money baby, keep the change
My momma say 
Fuck em! , and we the same
So hello motherfucker, you got some sheets to change
And ain't it funny how people change like Easter Sunday
You know, church fit, then outfit
Bright pink and green chest look house-lit
Bright pinky rings, but that ain't about this
What you'bout, bitch? 
Excuse my French emotion and my passion
But I wear my heart on my sleeve like it's the new fashion
What are you askin'? 
If I don't have the answer
I's probably on the web, like I'm a damn tarantula
But I know you don't understand
Cause you thought Little Wayne was Weezy
But Weezy is Wayne
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstood
I was watchin' TV the other day, right? 
Got this white guy on there talking'bout black guys
Talking about how young black guys are targeted
Targeted by who? America
You see, one in every one hundred Americans are locked up
One in every nine Black Americans are locked up
And see what the White guy was trying to stress was that
The money that we spend on sending a motherfucker to jail
A young motherfucker to jail
Would be less to send his or her young ass to college
See, and another thing the white guy was stressing was that
Our jails are populated with drug dealers
You know, crack cocaine? Yeah, stuff like that
Meaning, due to the laws we have on crack cocaine
And regular cocaine
The police are... only
I don't want to say only right, but shit
Only logic, by riding around in the hood all day
And not in the suburbs, because
Crack cocaine is mostly found in the hood
And um you know, the other thing is mostly found
You know where I'm going
But why bring a motherfucka to jail
If it's not gonna stand up in court
Because this drug ain't that drug
You know, level three, level four drug, shit like that
Mhmm... I guess it's all a misunderstanding
And um, I sit back and think, well shit, us young motherfuckers
You know, that one in every nine
We probably only selling the crack cocaine
Just because we in the hood
And it's not like your suburbs
We don't have the things that you have
Why? I really don't want to know the answer
But, I guess we just misunderstood huh? Yeah
You know we don't have room in the jail now
For the real motherfuckers, the real criminals, you know
Sex offenders, rapists, serial killers, shit like that
Oh, don't get scared, don't get scared
I know you saw one of them sex offender papers
Don't trip, he live right on the end of your block, mmmhmm
Yeah, that nigga live right down the street from you
Sex offender, on the level 3 drug
Convicted, ex-con, yeah, check him out
And what you got, you got daughters, son, what you got
Yeah, well you know what? 
Don't stop the track, that's the good weed
You know what, I have a fucking daughter
You understand me? 
And, why the fuck would you bring my neighbor to jail
Just because the reason why he live next door to me
Ain't the reason why I live next door to him
Meanin', he didn't rap his way to my fuckin' neighborhood
He sold crack cocaine to get to my neighborhood
You move him out, bring him to jail for life
And then you move in a sex offender, hahahah
They giving me a paper, hahah
Is that a misunderstanding, cause I don't understand it
Another thing, let me take my glasses off
Cause I want to see the reaction on the faces when I say this
Uhh, Mr. Al Sharpton; here's why I don't respect you
And nobody like you, hmm-hmm, see
You're the type that gets off, on gettin' on other people, hahah
That's not good, no homo
And rather unhuman I should say
I mean, given the fact that humanity
Well, good humanity, rather
To me, is helping one another, no matter your color or race
But this guy, and people like him
They'd rather speculate before they informate
If that's a word, heh heh
You know,'spect before check, anyway
Meanin', I much rather you talk to me first and see if you
Can learn an opinion before you make one
Just my thought of good humanity, Mr. Sharpton 
Hold on, I ain't finished wit' you man
Gotta pluck the ashes, mhmm, hold on, um
Mr. Sharpton, and anyone like you, you don't know me
So, if you're not gonna try to, then what you say
Or think about me, or whatever I do
Is totally Casper the Friendly Ghost
To me, and, it doesn't make you a good person to
Criticize before you improvise
Doesn't necessarily make you a bad person neither, but
The characteristics fall heavily into bad sway, hahahh
But, since I am human, I am good and bad as well
But I try my hardest to stay good
And some of the things I do and say may be bad
Or just, not too good
But I do try
So with that said, I don't fault you
I mean, you're only human
Good or bad, but I also don't respect you
And I don't care if that's good or bad, heh heh
You see, you are no MLK, you are no Jesse Jackson
You a nobody, to me
You're just another Don King with a perm
Just a little more political
And that just means you're a little unhuman than us humans
And now, let me be human by saying fuck Al Sharpton
And anyone like him
Fuck if you understand me
I love being misunderstood
Heheh, why? 
Cause I live in the suburbs, but I come from the hood
Bring the hook in
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good
Oh Lord, please don't let me be misunderstoodThat's right
Um, I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you, girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, as long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel and
Stay truthful to me and never lie to me
And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter...
Know what I mean... yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain
Listen
I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel
Stay truthful to me and never lie to me
And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever
You know what I mean yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain
You could be Mrs. Wayne
And we could do the damn thang
Had to tell my brother Maine I met a girl like you
And I ain't never met another girl like you
But I know what to do with a girl like you, I do
I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
And hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel
And stay true for me and never lie to me
And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever
You know what I mean yeah
Well if you don't then I'll explain
See I'd give up the game
At the top of the arena there's a jersey with my name, baby
What's happening baby? What's happening baby? 
I know you need to roll with a champion baby
And every time I see you I get asthma baby
Like *exhales* that's my baby
I wouldn't care if you was a prostitute
And that you hit every man that you ever knew
See it, wouldn't make a difference if that was way before me and you girl
And you won't never have to worry about me, long as you keep it real
Whatever's on your mind, speak on how you feel
And stay true for me and never lie to me
And don't you ever keep no secrets, no matter whatever
You know what I mean yeah
Uhh, yeah, uhh, yeah-uhh, see cause
I ain't the kind that kiss and tell
But my man say that he really know you well
But I don't care, I wanna know you for my damn self
Yeah, and even though Stunna say you scandalous
And you're known to go from one man to the next
I don't care what he say, no I don't care what he say
Because, they can say what they want girl
But they will never change my views
Cause they would never know you the way that I know you
And I'm trying to share to rest of my whole life with you
And if it gotta be a down, so be it baby
And if your friends can't understand
You don't need'em baby
You don't need'em baby
You don't need'em baby
Don't need'em
Guitar...
Now lemme hear you say 
I love you baby
Say 
I love you baby 
David Banner on the beat, bitch
I got a, I got a, I got a, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat goo, now can I eat you? Mmm
I gotta taste for you, now what you wanna do? 
Girl, you cold, let me suck out your flu
Girl, you cold, girl, you cool
You heard of Salt N' Pepa? Well girl, you food
Girl, you hot like a bowl of hot stew
And I just stood over ma stew and just blew
And when there's no more of you, in the soup
I remove ma spoon and drink your juice
If you want to do me, do what cha wanna do
If my job is to blow, you can bet she blue
Mic check 1, 2, how about 1, 2
P-L-A-Y because I don't have a clue
But when I find out, I'm a show and tell you
When I lift my top lip, I could still smell you
When I swallow ma spit, I could still taste you
Put that pussy in ma face every time I face you
It goes P-U-S-S-Y
Because it's the reason I am alive
Momma, I need it to stay alive
I's like I gotta eat it just to survive
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you? 
Now let me get back to her
She call me Dracula, and I'll vacuum her
Catfish, dat fish, dat cat, tuna
I'll smack it up flip it like a spatula
Lil' Chris said'Run I' and I tackled ya
Baby, can I be the worm in ya apple butt? 
Now go back in her, and if you backin' up
I'll suck the front of dat pussy from da back of ya
I'm an urban legend like a black Acura
My taste buds set on a black actress
 I told her act-shun
 Da camaras is lookin'
And I hope she make me eat ma word cause my words is
Pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy, pussy
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you? 
I got pussy comin' to me, pussy comin' to me, pussy
Show me dat pussy and I'm a show you where to put it
You no I make it rain, I'm da hurricane son
And you know I could make it rain, wat ma hurricane tang
Like lala, la, lala, la, lala, la, lala, la, lala, lala, lalala, la
Imagine if I did dat with your pearl on ma tongue, ha
I make dat pussy talk to me, I could make it jump
Ova her and walk to me
Now walk it out, girl, now walk it out, girl
P-U-S-S-Y
Because it's da reason I am alive
And I'm a need it to stay alive
I's like I gotta eat it just to survive, ha
Hi, I'm the
Pussy monster, the pussy monster
The pussy monster, the pussy monster
And you gotta feed me
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
Pussy, pussy pussy, pussy pussy
I gotta, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
I got a sweet tooth, I got a sweet tooth
Now can I eat you? Can I eat you?
Thank you
I've been through it all
The fails, the falls
I'm like Niagara
But I got right back up, like Viagra
I am agri-culture
Swagger so mean it might insult ya
Hah, I'm like an ultra-vulture
I fuck around and catapault ya
Torture
Thought ya
Parents taught ya? 
You guys is chocha
I'm gone, buenos noches
Flow scorcher
And I don't even write
No author
So harder
So smarter
All about a dollar
Like four quarters
Oh Father
Will tonight be my last? 
And if so
Make sure my kids see my cash
And I know
I'm solid like an elbow cast
And my future will be better than my past
Weezy! 
You can love me or hate me
I swear it won't make me or break me
I'm going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
I'm dreaming
I know that there's a better way
'Cause I've seen it, Lord
But this faster money is so convenient
And I need it
Say I need it
C-A-R, T-E-R
I spit movies like a VCR
I spit rounds like the Tiki bar
And if I got beef I'm the meat cleav-er
And I are
The illest nigga Martin Luther King died for
And I ride for
Hollygrove, One-Seven, Eagle Street
And I'm higher than an eagle's feet
But I believe in me
Apple is the cross street
I am just an offspring
Born in the ghetto
That's why I can't let go
One call I'll have my dogs on ya like an echo
Baby, I am the real deal, no pickle
Uh, spit sickle-cell psycho
I go
Off, like a motherfucking rifle
And I'm from
The underground baby, like a pipe hole
And I will stand tall like light poles
Until the light blows
And you can love me or hate me
Baby, I swear it won't make me or break me
And I be going wherever the money take me
Until they funeral and wake me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
And I'm dreaming
See I'm just hustling
Living what I believe in, dog
And it's a problem when our homies not eating
And I'm greedy
I'm greedy
Share my blood
Feed my family
My flow will have to plead insanity
So sick I need Gray's Anatomy
Acid, like a bust open battery
I'm cool like L.A. nights
I'm tight like ballet tights
Ay, Juelz
I swear the other day I pissed Cristal
These bitches tryna kick it like Juntao
I gotta watch my head in the battle
I'm just trying to stay ahead of my shadow
And I'm floating like a boat and a paddle
Alligators and rattlesnakes
But I promise I will take a nigga off, like a Saturday
Got money to validate
I'm icy like carrot cake
Different colored diamonds make me look like a salad plate
I'm straight out the alleyway
I's the nigga ya daddy hate
Weezy F. Baby – Great
I know they love me then hate me
But I'm a G –
It won't make me or break me
And you can find me wherever the money place be
Yeah, until you're riding to the late me
And don't wake me
'Cause I'm sleeping
And I'm dreaming
And me and my Lord got an agreement, y'all
And so I thank him every day for my achievements
And I'm Weezy
I'm Weezy
Ok, you ain't new shit
I's Weezy F Baby like a newborn bitch
You ain't know shit
I put your girl to work now heres a uniform bitch
Pimpin over here
And I ain't Santa Claus
But I can make it reindeer
Money out the ass
Yeah money out the rear
Weezy at the plate
I could bunt it out of here
Safe as a mother fucker
Ain't no safety button on this mother fucker
Where's the safe mother fucker
That's the case
Stop the judge of
Weezy F the F for fury
Hang 12 witnesses
That's what I call a hung jury
Brung Jerry Bling Bling
I made that and I don't even say that
As much as judges say that
That's way back
Boy you should catch up
It must of been mine, theys
Long hair pretty eyes light skin fine legs
Phat ass, skinny stomach, pretty feet, pretty woman
Walking down the street cause I put her out my jeep
I don't save'em
I slave'em
They want weezy f
I bad grade'em, I don't degrade'em
I serenade'em
100 on the jaw
100 on the arm
Rings so thick I can't even make a fist
Nigga fuck how you do it cause I do it like this
Yeah, and I just do my wayne
And every time I do it I do my thang
I do it 
How I do it 
I do it 
I do it 
I do it how I do it and I do it everyday
I do it how I do it and I do it everyday
I do it how I do it when I do it everyday
I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckin' slave
Yes I whip it like a slave, yes I whip it like a slave
I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckin' slave
Yep I whip it like a slave like a motherfuckn' slave
Then I beat it, I beat it, I beat it, I beat it
I beat that block x4
I beat that block like it mis-behaved
Then I whip it, I whip it, I whip it like a slave
I whip it...
Kunta Kinte on my shit nigga
Like I ate a plate of roots for dinner
But I ate a plate of loot for dinner
I'm in the garden selling fruit to sinners
Like apple's to Shaq
Hey big spender
And do remember
Just like Brenda
2 grand still get you four and a baby
I'm a kill'em when I drop like I'm holding a baby
Weezy F, the F is for don't Forget the Baby
And bitch I've been hot but you don't know me from satan
And if you're Manning up you better show me you're Peyton
But you pussies ain't ballin' no Sanaa Lathan
Bricks get shipped
Bricks get cut
Dr Carter
Nip and Tuck
Yeah but you could call me Wayne
Now watch me and my chain gang
Yes it's me bitches
Duece Bigalow on these He-bitches
 Flu flow
Flyer then bird coupe like a two door
What do you know
I know the streets bitch
And this is my toilet
And you can eat shit
Got them girls in my bathroom with their asses out
Cause I'm fly, like flyers they passin' out
We mashin out
We Young Mula
I got that 12 guage
Don't make me 1, 2 ya
345 train bitch soo woo
If you ain't on my train bitch choo choo
Like you got my dick in your mizouth
And I'm a do me bitch with you or without
Shit I'm always right sometimes
And from the top everybody look 1'9
And I'm 2'much
The numbers don't lie
And if they stop making cadillacs
I swear I'm gon' die
And if the weed man ain't got no more onions I'm a cry
And if if was a fifth, then I'd rather drink wine
Shit... I'm a take my time
Now am I crazy or just lazy
Cause I'm tired of ballin darlin
And I roll with my riders like it's a harley bar
And we roll with them choppers like it's a harley party
P.S dressed in all red like it was a scarlet party
I was ballin in New Orleans way before the charolette hornets
I'm an X-Man bitch and I ain't talkin marvel comics
I'm a...
Put the dirty dishes in the sink
No pork but I get paid like a piggy bank
I spit like backwash, Sasquatch
No back talk, I act lost
But I bet that money find me
Your jewelry telling jokes man
You got them funny diamonds
I got them sunny diamonds
I got them money problems
Like Christopher Wallace
Fuck bitches
Get money
Young money
Here you are, sir, just how you like
Careful, it's hot
Enjoy...
Okay, come be my appetizer
My fruit, my apple cider, my colada
My papaya, how you want it? 
I told the waiter what I wanted
I told him don't bring me a plate
If it don't have a rapper on it
Chef Angel on the beat
And me I'm just snackin' on it
Yeah, I'm eatin' with my hands
I'm gonna need a napkin, homie
You lookin' like a glazed pig
With an apple on it
I'mma need a Snapple, homie
And another after, homie
Snap crackle, homie
There goes another rapper
Just consider that bologna
You are just a macaroni
In my tuna casserole
I'm gettin' fat and you bony
You lookin' like Nicole
Richie call me Biggie
I got faith and soul
Bowl of french of fries
Tell'em bonjour
Boy, I eat your food
Hot and cold
And I'm no where near full
Hope you enjoyed your appetizer
Here's your main course...
Good'cause I'm bout hungrier than a mothafucka
Finger lickin' good never been a thumb sucker
I eat your ass good, never leave a crumb sucka
Never been a club hopper I'm a club jumper
That mean I get the club jumpin', I'm grubbin
Rappers say, 
Hello Wayne, I reply, 
What up supper? 
I could fry your ass up a saute
Marinade ya all day
I like my shit saute
'Cause all the rappers salty
'Cause all the rappers fault me
For bein' the best of all thee
Rappers call on me
'Cause I'm the best rapper rappin'
Rappers you can call me
The best rapper rappin'
I'm a dog I'm a beast
I'm a feast
Carter get it in order
Order me I oughta be an artery
'Cause I'm a bloody buzzin' B
I'm a beast I at least
Should get a piece of that pie
Before I die
Because I if no one else deserve
Now where is my dessert? 
And now for dessert...
Yes, this is dessert
For his and hers
I'll take his her
Kiss her
Make her pussy purr
Wet zipper
Never tip her
Never fall in love with a stripper
Like strawberries, I dip her
In whip cream, I whip her
I let her melt, then sip her
Like sizzurp, I'm tryna quit the sizzurp
'Cause moms say quit the sizzurp
But my auntie mom trippin', she a tripper
And I can eat you quicker
But I'm gonna take my time with it
Like a 3 legged cake I gotta climb in it
But ain't shit sweet when I'm in it
When I'm in it, I told her you gonna miss me
If I hit it
I'm done with it
And can't one else can do what I done with it
Not what I done did it
My tongue drippin'
Feed me rappers or feed me beats
Young Mula Baby, heheThis is a test
Speakerboxxx
Speakerboxxx
Speakerboxxx
This is a test
Speakerboxxx
Whoo, turn me up, don't turn me down
Cut me up, don't let me down, find, find a way
Find a way to get out, without, a hit out
You dig in, you dig out, you get out
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
Find a way to get in, to fit in
You get on, you get out without a doubt
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
Climbing out this hole, with a frown on my face
In the place to be, and not to be at the same time
G-H-E-T-T-O M-U-S-I-C-K stay down
O-U-T-K-A-S-T just know that we won't play'round
If it don't stank like they stank then they can't swallow that down
Your battleship is sunk, I wish grandma could see us
Find a way to get out, without, a hit out
You dig in, you dig out, you get out
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
Find a way to get in, to fit in
You get on, you get out without a doubt
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
I just want you to know, how I feel
Hot tub, bad to the bony, I'm Tony
As my Grandmama Edna Mae Kearse, she showed me
How to be the smooth operator, dominator
In the state of Georgia, hip hop standard destroyer
Leave a muthafucka open like a foyer
He from the dirty, now here come the paranoia
A lawyer couldn't object or disrespect, the technique
Sweat me, wipe off the sweat
Fight off the shit and flush the waste down
The pipes of my life flow deep into the ground
Find my purpose on the surface of this Earth, this
Planet's standards trust and the purpose
Campaign in vain for the same lame fame
You've obtained, you ought to be detained
By the hip hop sheriff, locked up, no possibility
Of getting out'cause the shit you make is killing me
And my ears, and my peers
I hear the end is near, no fear, we disappear
Then reappear again in a fresh new light
I hope it's peaceful and cloudy,'cause if it's not, we gotta fight like...
G-H-E-T-T-O M-U-S-I-C-K stay down
O-U-T-K-A-S-T just know that we won't play'round
If it don't stank like they stank then they can't swallow that down
Your battleship is sunk, I wish grandma could see us
Find a way to get out, without, a hit out
You dig in, you dig out, you get out
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
Find a way to get in, to fit in
You get on, you get out without a doubt
Ghetto Musick, Ghetto Musick
I just want you to know, how I feel
Drowning in the gray cell
To dwell in earthly hell
A pimp warrior fell
One-two! Sir Lucious L. Left Foot in the motherfuckin' booth! 
Lucious! Sir Lucious! 
Sir Lucious Left Foot, has just entered
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
First rule in this thang: never let'em see you sweat
Never let'em be a threat
And your feelings you must protect'em, as well as your rectum
Must keep self out of harm, out of danger's way
Let strangers play while you graduate and move on
True happiness is not acquired and you won't find it for sale
Unless you're in jail and trying to get a bail
Bondsman to go on and post that bail
You would be happy as hell
You thought you was happy until that court date came
Couldn't abort that case
Nobody to take your place, family members at stake
Too late to escape and get on the run
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Once upon a rhyme one time when I was a child
When I found out that Santa Claus was nothing more than Vanilli
It was silly,'cause my mom and pop, they worked for every penny
Didn't have many but had enough to get by, enough to get fly
Only to start the New Year off in debt
Now you forget your happiness came and went like mom and dad's relationship
Take a trip, you bring potato chips, I'll bring the hot sauce! 
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
1979, Dirty South, local lounge
I never thought that alcohol could ease the notion of the sadness
Now what used to be a happy home done turned into some bad shit
Graphic, language, mild violence and the silence of the the fams
No members to remember but I know just who I am
I've grown into a man and like my nigga said
We executed the game plan'cause we got that hot sauce
Might as well have fun'cause your happiness is done
And your goose is cooked
Girl you cut up 
Girl you know you cut up
Crocodile on my feet
Fox fur on my back
Bowtie'round my neck
That's why they call me the gangsta mack
In the Cadillac, yeah
Crocodile on my feet
Fox fur on my back
Bowtie'round my neck
That's why they call me the gangsta mack
In the Cadillac, yeah
Nasty Noompsy Knightingale, fresh in that tuxedo
Cummerbund with no suspenders, my torpedo, you libido
Need to chat 
I'm your r-o-l-a-i-d-s, release the squeeze or release the keys
To the shackles on her wrist, she can tackle some of this
Smack on smack on some of this Dick Tracy
Arrest her, book her, fingerprint your hooker
You took her to the club and now her body is full of liquor
Off that Butterscotch Schnapps and Bailey's Irish Cream
She's a damsel in distress impressed with stylish things
Whatcha mean? 
In the parking lot we primp, crooked booty to the scene where I
Crocodile on my feet
Fox fur on my back
Bowtie'round my neck
That's why they call me the gangsta mack
In the Cadillac, yeah
Oh, lord, how can it be so hard? 
To put on a pair of panties much less a pair of jeans or the leotard
But I got to start by complimenting you on your physique
You unique, you best believe I'm gon' skeet once I speak
Spoke, spit, spatter, spat and I macked her just like that
But it takes years of perseverance and experience to get that cat
So why don't I chase this Hennessy down with some of that
On your back, like a cheerleader missing the final stack
As we strut, skip the line through the glass window, glance
We look fine, right on time as we step in the place
The nursery's crunk, we've come to play
Everybody's watching cause them furs just hit the door
While the gator's creeping, crawling, oh so wicked across that floor
To the V.I.P. where we proceed to give you what you need
Throw your hands up if you feel me
Throw your hands up if you feel me
'Cause we well designed, like the finest wine
Feel good to be fly, so don't you ask me why
I got the ladies in line, because they can't deny
So raise your hands to the sky,'cause we super fly
Crocodile on my feet
Fox fur on my back
Bowtie'round my neck
That's why they call me the gangsta mack
In the Cadillac, yeah
Crocodile on my feet
Fox fur on my back
Bowtie'round my neck
That's why they call me the gangsta mack
In the Cadillac, yeah
Ready for action, nip it in the bud
We never relaxing, Out
Kast is everlasting
Not clashing, not at all
But see my nigga went to do a little acting
Now that's for anyone asking, give me one pass'em
Drip drip drop, there goes an eargasm
Now you cumming out the side of your face
We tapping right into your memory banks - thanks! 
So click it or ticket, let's see your seat belt fastened
Trunk rattling, like two midgets in the backseat rassling
Speakerboxxx vibrate the tag
Make it sound like aluminum cans in a bag
But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can you feel that B-A-S-S bass? 
But I know y'all wanted that 808
Can you feel that B-A-S-S bass? 
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
The whole room fell silent, the girls all paused with glee
Turning left, turning right, are they looking at me? 
Well I was looking at them, there there on the dancefloor
Now they got me in the middle, feeling like a man-whore
Especially the big girl
Big girls need love too, no discrimination here squirrel
So keep your hands off my cheeks
Let me study how you ride the beat, you big freak
Skinny slim women got the cameltoe within them
You can hump them, lift them, bend them, give them
Something to remember, yell out
Timber when you fall through the chop shop
Take a deep breath and exhale
Your ex-male friend boyfriend's boring as hell
But let me listen to the story you tell
And we can make moves like a person in jail, on the low ho
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
Hey baby, girl don't you stop it
Come on lady, dance all around me
You look so fine  look so fine
You driving me out my mind 
Out my mind, ooooh baby
If I could I would just be with you baby
Oooh cause you light me, and excite me
And you know, you got me baby, whoo! 
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
I like the way you move
I like the way you move wooo
I love the way you move
I love the way, I love the way
Hold up! 
Oooh, oooh! Somebody done told you wrong! 
Ok, I start out all alone
`Cause my baby mama left me
Now there's nobody at home
Beginning to feel like Ms. Jackson done got cloned
Well it's some real shit and I'm living it through this song
A moving vehicle took my family
As I slept out on the sofa in the Boom Boom Room
I woke up very upset
I throw the covers back and peek out of the draperies
My daughter, my baby, my baby mama all escaping me
In the wind, she was my friend
Like Princess Di before she died, therefore we tried and tried again
But in the end you pay attention to the pluses
But the minuses behind make it seem like you can't win
Throw your neck out
Throw your back out
Round two, a single parent, what is Big to do? 
Throw a parrty? Not hardly; I'm trying to stay up outta that womb
Or that p-u-s-s uss, I said uss
Luther Vandross couldn't make a home out of this house that we smooshed
Smashed, pushed to the limit, Smash and turned it timid
Hell everyone was suffering, the house was feeling wicked
The cat got sold, the dog got old, the food got cold
Both of our tempers were on swolle
For the most, part you fuss, fight, fart
You build it up to break it down and now take it from the start
Repeatedly leading a path that only ends in a clash
Of two stubborn minds, grown folks blind to the sign
Throw your neck out
Throw your back out
K-O, knocked out by technicality
The love has kissed the canvas, now the whole family is mad at me
My daughter don't want me at her PTA meetings
And then my son, he can't talk, when I change him he's peeing
I think he's pissed, I can't dismiss the matter of the fact
Because he saw you and me argue, now the energy is coming back
Set an example, a positive pattern, keep life on track
But I'm married to the music and committed to the wax, tapes and CDs
Tapes, CD's, Baby please, you make me want to scream
You're on my team starting first string so why are we arguing? 
Wax, tapes, CD's, Baby please, you make me want to scream
You're on my team starting first string so why are we arguing? 
Throw your neck out
Throw your back out
Tapes, CD's, Baby please, you make me want to scream
You're on my team starting first string so why are we arguing? Tapes, CD's, Baby please, you make me want to scream
You're on my team starting first string so why are we arguing?
Ghosts and goblins run amok
In the caverns of rhine
Slinging petty corruption
The seventh sign! 
Yeah! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Give to you and I do what it takes! 
To give it to you! 
Bust...bust! 
Step into the realms of space where nobody goes
Only the baddest motherfuckers are the ones that are chose! 
Some of the coolest individuals on the planet we said
Best believe that we can buck or give a damn if we care! 
No collision supervision but my family is here
Now my mama taught my niggas that was under the stairs
One of those who chauffeured life and then was unprepared
But my hunger is the thunder, no wonder it can't be smothered
Or buttered up, buttercup, melt your sauce
You a Chuck E. Cheese bouncer chumpin' off the boss
What I'm trying to tell you now is that you're softer than soft
And I'm sick as a cough, did I mention it's raw? 
Your predicaments flaw
Flaw means fucked up and serving out the oven not fried, slow roast
No coast, tuck your tail and hide! 
You scared? 
Yeah! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Give to you and I do what it takes! 
To give it to you! 
Bust...bust! 
I officially do it with duns on tour
We lock down traps, push caps galore
My wiz cook work'til it scale like fish
My old earth even known to handle biz
I serve whipped, out of whips, whip out cash
Usually keep a G-pack on the dash
Try to test my gangsta, I bring harm
I'm as slick as Freeway Rick and Nicholas Barnes
My Uptown Nikes hold caps and cheddar
My waistline hold a 4-pound Baretta
I'll shoelace your face just to learn you better
My ox so sharp it cut through leather
My rap name Killer, my street name Skunk
I mastered the music that was born in the Bronx! 
I switch my slang spit from my mouth
I'm still all coast, my coast the South! ! ! 
Yeah! ! ! ! ! ! ! 
Give to you and I do what it takes! 
To give it to you! 
Bust...bust!Now get the fuck up off me nigga..
As I, struggle to keep my balance and composure
I'm'posed ta, propose a toast to players on every coast-a
The lyrical roller coaster, mind-bender
'Stead of watchin these sucker MC's
I'm seein just how they lyin to the general population
Don't be patient, get up and stand up for your life
Don't you agree or understand we lost some rights at 1-1-9? 
Come dumb, come young, come blind unwind confined
To the situation, we facin, cause in time, tick tick boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
Tick, boom.. tick, tick-boom
{*explosion* forward and reversed}
{*scratched: 
You're gonna die here* - 2X}
When will we all, awake up out this dream
Come here and smell the Folgers, the soldiers are human beings
Man actin as if he was the supreme bein
Clockin the souls of men out like he was G-O-D and
W-A-Rrah, there'll be no tomorrow but sorrow
And horror will follow the hollow hearts battle for dollars
Politicians, modern day magicians
Physicians of death, more health care for poor health
Who makin us ill, they makin us kill
That's makin me spill my guts 
For what? I refuse to sit in the backseat and get handled
Like I do nuttin all day but sit around watch the Cartoon Channel
I rap about, the Presidential election and the scandal
That followed, and we all watched the nation, as it swallowed
And chalked it up, basically America you got FUCKED
The media shucked and jived now we stuck - damn! 
{*singing - can't be heard clearly*}
{*scratched: 
You're gonna die here* - 2X}
Operation Anaconda - ask yourself
Was it full of bleeps and blunders, did they ever find Osama? 
And why in the fuck did Daniel Pearl have to pay the price
For his life and his wife plead twice? 
See Al-Amin got life and Fred got dead, Hampton
To dampen the dream of all the Panthers
They got they answer for ransom
As we read together, as we dream together
Count your blessings whenever you feel that things won't be no better
But it got to, you gave me this microphone so I must rock you
Your brainwaves, airwaves, energized and SHOCKED you
Y'all got me, well I got y'all, long as I know y'all listenin
I'mma always bring food for thought to the table in the kitchen
Now eat nigga!Man, have you ever really wondered
Like why are we here? What the meanin to all of this? 
Sometimes life can keep you down, with your face all in the dirt
Now if you feel that left behind, need to get up and go to church
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh..
Big, slide into the mode, time to drop a load
My life is going downhill like some cardboard in the snow
My bank account is frozen, I
Don't think that I can get out this hold
Feel like the figure four leglock
Like the jury went away and then they came back deadlocked
I can't move, I can't eat, I can't even breathe
Can't even buy a decent sack without the stems and the seeds
No trees, no P's to ease the stress of everyday living
But homeless people gotta suck it up wherever they living
The unforgiven or the unwilling, live a life of sinning
And expect to be as pure as an infant in the beginning
But—what about repentance? 
What about detention? 
What about you eating dinner in the devil's kitchen? 
What about repentance? 
What about committing the same sin
Over and over again and again and ah..
Why are we here? Huh? Huh? Huh? 
Please tell me - what are we here foooooooorrrrrrrrrr? 
OW! 
Life, is nothing but a dream, so peaceful and serene
Unless you're being evil then you on the devil's team
Wide receive what you want to believe
But soon you'll have to sew those bad seeds
Please, any man can ask to get a pass
Or a cleansing of sin to grant another chance
Perhaps another glance of the light at the end of the tunnel
Talk to the coach or break out the huddle
Whatever should you fumble your rebuttal should be subtle
'Cause he who lives in the upper room is never gullible
As you survey the syllables and sentences
The question that I'm merely trying to pose is as simple as me saying
What about repentance? 
What about detention? 
What about you eating dinner in the devil's kitchen? 
What about repentance? 
What about committing the same sin
Over and over again and again and ah..
Sometimes life can keep you down, with your face all in the dirt
Now if you feel that left behind, need to get up and go to church
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh
Ooooh, ooooh, ooooh, ooooh..
Why are we here? Huh? Huh? Huh? 
Please tell me - what are we here foooooooorrrrrrrrrr? 
OW! 
Ready to set this bitch off? 
Alright, you got to step, you got to step, get close to the mic
Okay put the headphones on
You gotta speak into the microphone
Say what you
Say something
What, you, I thought you were gonna rap
Wait wait wait wait wait
You need to let, you need to let them know what your name is first, playa
What's your name? 
What's your name? 
No you got to speak into the mic, cause you keep freezing up
That's right let them know
And what you coming here for in the booth to do? 
Came to do what? 
That's right, rap
And what you going to rap
Alright that's your, that's your jam
Alright ready? 
Sing it
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
And what else you got to say
Michael Jackson? 
Not on my record we ain't singin no damn Michael Jackson
Ready? 
Go ahead, ready? 
Say it in the mic
Haha no I ain't say to say that
That's right lets do it baby
Hahahaha
Ah, you did it
Gimme five boy
You hit the booth! 
Yeah!
Yo
Just so you all know what time it is
I's your homeboy
Straight from the A-T
I ain't even goin say the motherfucking rest
But you know
I's Dungeon Family all day long baby
We finna break it off with some fresh new shit
This rap game lovely
Konkrete play a part cause the Feds want to bug me
Athletes want to be rappers, shawty, trust me
Bending corners in the Benz
Ridin like a bucket, nigga fuck it
I know some hoes slutty
I auctioned a bitch off like a nigga playin rugby
I done seen a ghetto meal, little buddy, trust me
Jump European, came clean through customs, no questions
Perpetrators in the booth, rappin lame like they drug related
It made me sick to my stomach, lost a two and a baby
You don't grind, you be lying
Should be castrated, Lorena Bobitt maybe? 
Tomb after tomb
Boom, boom after boom
Serving up emotion once you deep inside the tomb
From embryo to newborn, you can feel me in the womb
Cool, ooh, that's cool
You see, I cock back Glocks, got more pull than slang shots
Hit G spots, I'm givin hoes back shots
I'm a young country boy, long socks with flip flops
But I pull up on your block in the 500 Benz drop
Konkrete, Aquemini, we takin this here to the top
Bust like balloons, who gives a damn if it goes pop
You say it's hot, well let me turn it up another notch
To my real niggas, won't you pump this out your Speakerboxxx
Fuck the cops, we makin noise and we won't stop
Bump, bump, there goes the boom and it's gon' drop
Old school, big shoes, nigga, no socks
We keep tools, see fools, bullets will flock
They call me Mr. Ravioli, Mr. Screw them, Mr. Poke Em with the Noodle
Mr. Cockerspaniel in your Poodle, after school tutor
Roto Rooter, addicted to follies
Like brown collies, stay soft fro crows
Swimming in the fallopian of an Ethiopian
Talking a different language, RBI fly wide
Talk to me now, 84 hard, 84 soft wit me now
Beautiful ladies, they want to walk wit me now, talk wit me now
Pussy pop for me now, sell cock for me now
Fight a bitch, hit her in the eye for me now
See you when I see you, now I'm out wit me now
I will never fall off, I haul off heavy weight
Fuck wit me dog, I chop you up like Norman Bates
I'm true to this shit, I ain't new to this shit
Over a million sold on strictly weed, bricks
Flammable like gasoline when I'm lit up
I prefer my liquor dark and a mean white slut
I's over for you, cavern ass rapper, get out the game
You can fool the record labels but not the streets mayne
I just tell it how I see it nigga, facts is facts
The first verse I ever wrote, I got a Platinum plaque
I've been to hell and back so nigga give me my props
Konkrete, Big Boi, beatin through your Speakerboxxx
Ludacris, yeah I keep a Glock in case you like to leak a lot
Meanwhile, crankin' the volume knob up on my Speakerboxxx, so here he is! 
Get the fuck on the ground
Is just a phrase you might hear strolling through the A-Town
They don't believe that we'll stab them in the abdomen
From College Park, Georgia to College Park, Maryland
So put your fist up boy, you wanna romp
You can Bankhead Bounce or get Eastside Stomped
Thinking way back before I got mine
Putting bullet holes through the neighborhood stop signs
Still wild is my adrenaline, yes, ladies and gentleman
Denenen, A hundred thou, bitch! Diamonds shimmerin
Catch me with a sack of dro, reaching for The Strap Below
I'm with some nasty hoes, eating pistachios
Y'all driving Subarus, stuck in your cubicles
I'm stuck in the air with weed crumbs under my cuticles
Fourth and goal
Should I take the three point field goal for the score or should I roll
Around and take the ball up the middle, the gut, the what, the hole
Cranium overload, overthrowed
Now we got seven more points on the board, fa sho
B-I-G B-O-I, me oh my, I think He's blessing me
Excelling in harmonious melody, boy we got the recipe
Like Ragu, it's in there, giving you some of the best of me
Player, pimp, gangster, poet
We gon' spit it, we gon' show it to your ass
You're a champion were my dad's last words before he passed
But I know one day we will once more cross paths
They say 
Big Boi, can you pull it off without your nigga Dre
I say people, stop the madness cause me and Dre be okay
Out
Kast, Cell Therapy to cell division
We done split it down the middle so you can see both the visions
Been spittin it damn near ten years, why the fuck would be be quittin? 
Fuck, niggaFrom Texas to GA, niggas bleeding your speakerbox
Playas stayin' throwed, ho, putting diamonds off in your socks
Blowing killer, sipping lean, and dropping screens
North Dallas and Aquemini, fool, it's all the same team
Brothers on the block knowing
Sisters at the crib knowing
Preachers at the church knowing, but still get by
Teachers at the school knowing
Babies on the bottle knowing
Junkies on the corner knowing, but still get high
Well, here's a formal introduction
Something to make you ponder
The situation's ugly like In Living Color's Wanda
Now, everybody play dumb, but there's some that succumb
Or fall victim, I will overcome
Any hurdle or obstacle that's in my path
Fast cash should be the last resort, so make it last
For the risk you took, trick, you shook your ass
For some hundred dollar heels and a designer bag
Now that's ass backwards
All you got in the refrigerator is bratwurst
Your stomach is balled in a knot, you got that phat purse
Pocketbook, stop and look, pockets look void
Destroyed by the need to indulge and enjoy the finer things in life
Your dignity the only sacrifice
Slim as your chances of being somebody's wife
They seeing ya butt booty naked every night
Ain't nothing right or wrong! 
Brothers on the block knowing
Sisters at the crib knowing
Preachers at the church knowing, but still get by
Teachers at the school knowing
Babies on the bottle knowing
Junkies on the corner knowing, but still get high
Even though things started falling apart
Wanda went and bought a Honda, now she's out of a job
She would slob on a knob for a little less than a yard
A massage, you could drill her like a sarge
She would charge and rob, pick through your pockets
She got the trick's watch and the silver locket
That he bought for his wife but Wanda left her license
On the nightstand fuckin' with this white man
She met in a little red Corvette, paid for sex
Made a deal that she would never forget, you can bet
Every action has a positive and equal reaction
Therefore everything that goes around comes around in that fashion
Fast and furiously, there was a knock on the sliding glass door 
Brothers on the block knowing
Sisters at the crib knowing
Preachers at the church knowing, but still get by
Teachers at the school knowing
Babies on the bottle knowing
Junkies on the corner knowing, but still get high
 
Yeah... ATLiens style on y'all ass
Do or die, Aquemeni
Killer Mike, Roc-A-Fella collaboration - holla! 
Young Hov' in the place to be
Big Boi in the place to be 
André 3000  Shout out to public housing, bitch
I brought  the whole hood with me
You got red dirt in your afro
Young Hov' in the place to be 
Out
Kast in the place to be 
Did you ever think that you would be the nigga on the block
Didn't have to break a steerin column, didn't have to cook a rock
A damn goodie two-shoes, that what they call ya
Never judge a person or a book by it's covers
Just because my tone is darker than yours, a little tanner
You never took the time out, examine yourself boi
.. are you black, white, asian? 
Indonesian, or Borean - that's black and Korean
We on the same team if we breathin
I jumped off the subject to see if you was seein
That we drop a little science off in every verse
They put that P.A. sticker on it cause they scared we gon' curse
But the knowledge is the power, the cowards get devoured
Any hour, any cipher, any way to any height
Because I might just snap on a fuck-ass nigga
Might clap a cap at a sucka-ass nigga
In the meantime, Daddy Fat Sax gon' chill out
He might just, pull out his pistol
And let that thang whistle at your windshield or your residence
Superman to Clark Kent, you better be way harder
Than the park bench to start this
Marcus, Jason, my little brother James
All my brothers from my momma but Andre is just the same
Ain't no uno, we a duo; deuce dos to a pair
A player stiffen the competition
Pressed like Levi's and toughskins, one minus one
Negative one minus negative one is nothin
Bustin d-boy raps and player poems
The'Kast shit ain't plastic, we smash it and move the crowd
And rock the crowd original material while you bore'em
Your live show consists of everybody's shit but you're-uns
Do your own shit! In your live show 
Young Hov' in the place to be
Big Boi in the place to be 
Andre 3000  shout out to public housing, bitch! 
I brought  the whole hood with me 
Penelope Ann Cruz couldn't snooze
With her Eyes Wide Shut, before I asked to hit her gut
If you brunette, Legally Blonde I might respond
Take you to Swan Lake and beyond
Antwan raps on, raps on, clap off clap on
I switch the flow so quick you cannot fa-thom
I take a submarine two thousand leagues below the sea
And try to grab one line or sentence
Rhyme repentance, find the illest lyricist
And give him a clean bill of health
Wealth might make you look good but you sound like shit
And your team lookin shitty to death
My nigga Big Boi said, watch'em as they gawk and they gander
You can follow or lead like Commander Picard
You can have 
The Whole World
Or be satisfied with the boulevard, overstand
This young player's rhyme
I foregoed the crime and I focused on rhyme
Focused on every word, and line
Like a young Cassius Clay in his prime
I was born to talk shit and prove mine, and I'm
The epitome of raw rhyme
Got signed, got serious about the craft
Of raw rhyme and I got mine - Aquemini's
Murderous monster move minds
Did it so hard that it oughta be a crime
When you see I'm comin holla one-time, holla one-time
When you see I'm comin holla one-time 
Don't, you, like, to groove
In your hooptie on your old, flip, flop, sweatshoes
To run yo' tennis shoes
Don't, it, matter to you
That Out
Kast we got that slump for y'all
Keep that funk for y'all
When I'm in the mood I rock the S Dot tennis shoes
At the interlude, I got the Gucci flip-flops
And I, fix it up like gin and juice when I'm them interviews
Dudes wanna know what he copped
And where you got that, and how could they buy that
Where the million dollar watch at, stop that! 
Why that, why this, niggas wanna hijack the flyness
I'm on a whole'nother plane
A whole different lane, a whole'nother game that I'm playin
Understand what I'm sayin
Hov' and Out
Kast, whatchu think about that? 
Really don't matter though what you niggas chatter though
Anybody get out of line then you trust
That the Mac'll go b-r-r-r-r-ap, got you killed for that alone
Back on the shit, back on the strip
Another hit I'm not gon' miss
Out
Kast:
Ten years long, ten years strong
Lastin' long, verses long lastin'
Education, however, the difference between the two --
Which do you live, yo'self? 
Luck of the draw, master plan without a flaw
Somethin' lastin' long leaves the compromising position --
Everything that isn't becomes questionable, unbelievable, and becomes weak at some point --
Done got straight blowed after hitting some danker's joint
Somethin' long lastin' --
Big Boi and'Dre, the duos who chemistry gave a potion of rare fate:
Two Atlanta boys that became men of this industry
For them same ol' boys to be Out
Kast, raps out-blast and outlast the peers of the game
Move with the groove an' don't let the smooth groove fool you;
S'all that it is, believe in the dirty Southernplayalisticadillac-funky-ATLiens:
Together, makes Aquemini
Big Boi and'Dre presents Out
Kast
So get ready to bump 808-style
To 
The Speakerboxxx and 
The Love Below
Two albums with the same ol' flow
Y'all enjoy it, y'hear? 
Signin' off, man --
AKA
   
Nah nah nah
That's part of the
That's, yeah
I got ya good that time, shawty
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Ain't it funny how you're born and then your life begins
Just like a baby all alone, that's if you wasn't a twin
You must begin to fend for self when the umbilical's cut
The doctor put you under the heating lamp, your spirit is touched
You know what, I take that back, why? You was alive
Date of conception, interception cause the sperm did collide
From T'n A to DNA, feelings turn to children
The morning after pill didn't put a halt to our very existance
We livin, breathin, soon we'll be teethin
Our granny got a gold and now we want one for that reason
An adolescent mind is so impressionable in those stages
But parents got to parent their kids to keep them out of cages
Cell therapists beware of this lugie that I spit
Incarceration without rehabilitation really don't mean shit
Little Ricky's home, he gotta serve probation for six months
But Uncle Darnell and Ol' Dirty Bastard still in the joint
Reset
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good does not come without pain
Meaning, before it gets better, it's goin get worse
Like my homies on the sick side still dyin over turf
That don't belong ot urse
I mean us, left in the dust
Try to catch up with massah
I used to wanna wrap my hands around the esophagus of them crackers
But Ephesians 6:12 said it wasn't flesh and blood that we wrestle against
Principalities, powers of this world
Rulers of darkness and spiritual wickedness
In high places, so throw that whole armor of righteousness
I spark this thang, but my name ain't Bubba
I got a problem with racist cab drivers, like Glover
And brothers that wax fat and forget all about the struggle
Yeah, come on, come on
Guess what, guess what
Time to reset this thang
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Listen to me
I awaken to sunlight that's beyond bright
This day will be done right
There is a war, just waiting on the other side of the door
But I'll be bringing God to the gunfight
Can't live forever, so have some fun, right
Life's a bowl of candy, you can have one, right
You can handle if tomorrow never come, right
You'll get used to singin if only for one night
But I intend to raise two daughters and a son right
And I couldn't have wrote this if I was hopeless
And see I focus to provoke this
So open wide for my opinionated opus
Stop playin Go Fish, but not below this
Before I go, I thought that you all should know this
Recognize and realize before any regretting
Before you relapse, perhaps you'll consider resetting
Hmm? 
Start over again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over again
Everything happens for a reasonTalkin' hanging out wit' the D-Boi's
You know you a D-Boi
Cause when someone frontin' something'S like havin' two daddies
One time my home boy fronted me a 8 ball at 3 oclock
At 4:30 he wanted the money back
I's rough bein' on that thang man
How you gonna front me somebody done fronted you? 
He ain't no real real hustler, the dude shootin' at both of us
Hit you wit' a quarter pound talkin' bout'we coming up'
A real D-Boi know you gotta get you own work
And you dont get high off your own supply
Til later on at night
I gotta drop of'bout 30 keys
Car keys 
Tell them niggas that be holdin' the wall: 
Hit the flow start shakin' it all 
What we drinking, no we drinking it all 
We gon do it'til we can't or we fall, Last call
Tell them mothafuckas holding the wall: 
Hit the flow start shaking it all 
What we drinking, no we drinking it all 
We gon do it'til we can't or we fall, Last call
Now look here
I'm gon' hit da club man, I'm gon' get some love
I'm the coolest nigga ain't gon' spend more than a dub
I'm gon' tell that broad and her chicken head friend
No Ferrari, no Jag, no Bentley, or a Benz
Might just play the wall with this mean look on my grill
Act like I'm da hater, the Haitian from Hateville
I remember her, act like she don't remember me
When I was Cadillac'n, Coupe Deville'in, and chickenhead drillin'
I'm gon' get that fresh-fly fade and then I'm gon' get laid
Like some finger-waves on pay day, my lady, you gon' get paid
Making a early morning serenade for you to start your day
Or the sound of a starter pistol fired close to where you lay
Last call for alcohol, make a fast call for the hay
The dirty Dungeon  has informed me the drought has ended today
With no delay
And a, four piece grizzle we on our way
For a brief stay in a sweet place for a petite face to lay
Them boys so wild, don't crack no smile
Closet like the Wild Kingdom: fox, minks, and crocodiles
Popped tops and what we drink, so sit back for a while
Matter a fact, light that, and I'll be right back
They want a couple more bottles I got something for'em to swallow
Anybody ever told you you look like a model? 
You know the story, she bit the hook, line, and follow
Got my hooks in the back and I'm a grind until tomorrow
They call me Mack Rapalicious, and when I bubble
I blow trouble up, in your ear
They call me Mack Rapalicicious, and when I bubble
I's, trouble all up in you dear! 
Yes, I know the way excite them hoes
Me cold reptilian feet, bite them hoes
Got a partner, oh his mind sick
He say he loved this ol' coke-strung-out stripper bitch
Why he so dumb? 
I'm so pimp it's ridiculous
Got tinted windows on my ride I'm inconspicuous
Run with this pretty thang
She ain't yours you wish she was
We don't stop, it's so repeated and continuous
Mello Capone, Don Huggy Bear
Pokey the fuckin' pimpolous, ain't that cute slick em, out their draws I'm so infamous
Dead serious
From the club, to the Caddy, to the Holiday Inn
From the dusk til' the dawn we gon' do it again
Oh baby, we really clean
Really sharp
I mean, in person, baby, in person! 
Ha, ha! 
Superfly, baby
Oh, around the world they talk about us
Do you have any idea on how good it feel to be me right now? 
Oh yeah, I got them pink ones, too
Oh yeah, but I know how to wear em though, baby
Look, watch out! 
Them gators gon' bite ya
Watch out now! 
Speakerboxx!Some say Atlanta
Some say New York
Some say Paris France but, who knows
Where this flower, growsEverybody needs a glass of water today
To chase the hate away
You know you've got company comin over
So you scrub extra-hard
And everybody needs somebody to love
Before its too late
Its too laaaaaaateee oh
Dont nobody wanna grow old alone! 
Everybody needs someone to rub their shoulders
And scratch their dandruff
And everybody need to quit actin hard and shit
Before you get your ass whooped 
And everybody needs somebody to love
Before its too late
Its too late
Love-hater
Love-hater
Hater of love {*repeat 2X*}
Love-hater
Love-hater
 Everybody needs someone to love {*repeat 2X*}God
 Come in God
God, come in God
Damn you're a girl
Wow
Ok well
I guess the reason I'm talking to you tonight is
Cause I've been doing a lot of thinking and
And I consider myself a pretty cool guy
And I never cheated on any of my girlfriends
Well, except that one time in Japan
But that was just head and head don't count right
Thanks God I knew you'd understand
Well, I just feel like
Well to be honest with you
God I just need a sweet bitch
You know somebody not too, not too fast but not too slow
Cause I don't have it all to do it my damn self
And life ain't easy
You know I just want somebody by your side to help smooth
That thang out, you know what I'm talking about? 
And at this point
I mean I'm not being picky
She don't even have to a big ol' ass you know
Just something...
Well proportioned to her body
You know a nice little tail you know
What? You say you, you say you found somebody? 
Is she cute? So when do I get to met her? 
Oh God, you're the greatest
Well, I guess I'll talk to you later Amen
Oh I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Alady
My name is Cupid Valentino, the modern day Cupid
And I just want to say one thing
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th! 
I don't think y'all heard me! 
I just wanna say Happy Valentine's Day! 
Every day the 14th! 
Can y'all dig that? 
Now when arrows don't penetrate, see
Cupid grabs the pistol 
He shoots straight for your heart
And he won't miss you! 
That's alright y'all won't believe in me anyways
But
Ya won't believe in me, but you would fancy
Leprechauns or groundhogs
No thank you, Easter Bunny
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th! 
When Cupid knocks at your door
You can't ignore me! 
There's no need to run! 
So, Happy Valentine's Day 
Every day the 14th! 
Now I may have it all wrong, see
If you know what loves mean, well
Well, somebody tell me! 
'Cuz they just don't believe in me! 
(Cupid Valentino)
Happy Valentine's Day
Every day the 14th! 
Now I know your hearts have grown cold
And that bothers me
Now I understand cause I use to be a bad boy in my day
I know you're trying to protect your lil' feelings
But you can't run away! 
Ho, oh
Ya' won't believe in me, but you would fancy
Bunny! 
Well keep on running player
Cause I got my good shoes on
And I got'em tied up tight
So you going to find out tonight! 
Got a sweet lil' darling back in my corner
Below I know I love her but act like I don't want her
Surrounded by the lovely but yet feel like a loner
Could be an organ donor the way I give up my heart
But never know because shit, I never tell her
Ask me how I'm feeling, I'd holla that it's irrela'
I don't get myself caught up in the Jello jella'
And pudding pops, that others opt to call falling in love
But for the record, have you ever rode a horse? 
Like for you to send me to Pluto, I said, 
Of course! 
But if you ain't a sweety, indeedy I won't endorse
Han Solo'til I'm hit by the bullet so may the force be with you
And I'll hit you when better time permits
For now show me samples, examples of why you're the shit
But how am I to know with the profession that I'm in? 
And if you do not know me then how could you be my friend? 
Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's
Happy Valentine's Day
Happy Valentine's Day 
Happy Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day
Fuck that Valentine's Day 
I don't want to move too fast, but
Can't resist your sexy ass
Just spread, spread for me
Don't want to come on too strong, but
I'll play in you all day long
Just spread, spread for me
I... I can't read minds, but I can read yours
I think she says that she wants to pour your..
Your... yourself all over me
What you think? I could be wrong, but pupils don't lie
And if they do, by God, they must fry! 
You know, like electric chair
The way you stare 
You committed a crime and I'm the victim
I've got an eye out for she that cries out passionately
We'll do things backwardly, forwardly, horizontally
I'm too young to be settling down
Quick to change my mind tomorrow
So now can I borrow your timid torso
More so than your soul, honest me gotta be how I roll
Fuck the rhythm, tuck the rhythm under your bosom
You're the prism, Shirley Chisholm
Was the first, let's rehearse making a baby
Put in your order, I want a baby daughter
Dance on the tip of my tongue
Shake the clouds until there's no more wetness in them
Tell your homegirls that you will send them
A postcard from 3000... HARD! 
Don't want to make you feel strange, but
Don't let these words be in vain, so
Spread, spread for me
Nature knows that I want you, but
Not unless you want me too, so
Spread, spread for me
I don't want to move too fast, but
Can't resist your sexy ass
Just spread, spread for me
Don't want to come on too strong, but
I'll play in you all day long
Just spread, spread for me
Don't want to make you feel strange, but
Don't let these words be in vain, so
Spread, spread for me
Nature knows that I want you, but
Not unless you want me too, so
Spread, spread for me
The morning after...:
The morning after...
:
What time is it? 7:48! Where, where are my where, where, where are my panties? 
Oh my god where are my panties? 
Damn where
I don't
He gon think I'm a ho
Fuck that I liked it
I was drunk and it was my birthday anyway
Maybe I should just lay here and let him touch my booty
Mmmmm but he dont even know my name
:
I know she think that I just think she some kind of ho
I don't give a shit bout given it up on the first night
That just lettin' me know
She know what she want outta life
What a hell of a way to god damn wake up
Oh that shit was good oh maybe
She'd get me some breakfast she so goddamn sweet, sweet as she wanna be
Oh I just oh I wanna lay in her hair
You can't fall for it, don't fall for it Ice Cold ! 
Maybe I just roll over and lay on her booty yeah! 
Nah no no no
Just lay and be cool be cool ice cold ! 
But what if she
What if she, what if she, what if she's the one...
 
I hope that you're the one
If not, you are the prototype
We'll tiptoe to the sun
And do thangs I know you like
I think I'm in love again
I think I'm in love again
Today must be my lucky day
Baby, you are the prototype
Do something outta the ordinary
Like catch a matinee
Baby, you are the prototype
I think I'm in love again
I think I'm in love again
If we happen to part
Lord knows I don't want that
But hey, we can't be mad at God
We met today for a reason
I think I'm on the right track now
I think I'm in love again
I think I'm in love again
Let's go to the movies
Come here
I think I'm in love again
I think I'm in love again
 
Girl, right now I wanna say, I wanna say
I wanna say stank you very much
For picking me up
And bringing me back to this world
I can't, I'm not
I can't afford to not record
I thank I wanna say
I thank I wanna say stank you, stank you
Smelly much! 
For picking me up and bringing me back to this world
Hey, hey John! Are we recording our ad libs? 
Really? ? Were we recording just then? 
Let me hear that, that first one
When I first started
What's wrong? What are you afraid of? 
The Love Below? 
She stays alone, never sheds a single tear
She stays in coolest moods, clearly woman of the year
She and all her girlfriends, they go out dressed to win
She comes back to the cooler side of town
But she lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
Forever my fiancée
She lives in my lap
Don't leave, don't stay
She lives in my lap
I'll get the courage one day
Make me want you, make me miss you
Make me wonder where you are, then forget you
Girl, remind me, just who we are
We're oh so close, but yet so far
Baby, why are you acting like this? 
I don't care about any of them...
I care about you! 
Baby, I love you! 
You've got me open wide 
Just come inside 
I's yours 
I'm yours 
For sure 
Play baby play...
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
She lives in my lap
Forever my fiancée
She lives in my lap
Don't leave, don't stay
She lives in my lap
I'll get the courage one day
 She lives in my lap
You've got me open wide
Oh, she lives in my lap
I's yours
I'm yours
Play baby play
She lives in my lap
Don't leave, don't stay
Forever my fiancée
She lives in my lap
Play baby play
1, 2, 3: go! 
My baby don't mess around
Because she loves me so
And this I know for sho
But does she really want it
But can't stand to see me
Walk out the door? 
Don't try to fight the feeling
Cause the thought alone is killing me right now
Thank God for Mom and Dad
For sticking through together
Cause we don't know how
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
You think you've got it
Oh, you think you've got it
But got it just don't get it
'Til there's nothing at all
We've been together
Oh, we've been together
But separate's always better
When there's feelings involved
If what they say is 
Nothing is forever
Then what makes, then what makes, then what makes
Then what makes, what makes, what makes
Love the exception? 
So why oh why oh, why oh why oh
Are we so in denial
When we know we're not happy here? 
Y'all don't want to hear me, you just want to dance
Hey ya! Uh-oh
Hey ya! Uh-oh
Don't want to meet your daddy, Hey ya! Uh-oh
Just want you in my Caddy, Uh-oh, Hey ya! Uh-oh
Don't want to meet your mama, Hey ya! Uh-oh
Just want to make you cumma, Uh-oh, Hey ya! Uh-oh
I'm, I'm, I'm
Hey ya! 
I'm just being honest
I'm just being honest
Hey, alright now
Alright now fellas 
Now what's cooler than being cool? 
 I can't hear ya
I say what's cooler than being cool? 
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright, alright, alright
Alright, alright.. OK: now ladies
We're gonna break this back down in just a few seconds
Now don't have me break this thing down for nothing
Now I want to see y'all on your baddest behavior
Lend me some sugar, I am your neighbor! Ah, here we go! 
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it, sh-shake it
Shake it like a Polaroid picture
Now all the Beyonce's and Lucy Lius
And babydolls, get on the floor
 Shake it like a Polaroid picture
You know what to do Shake it, sh-shake it
Oh, you know what to do! 
Shake it, sh-shake it Shake it, sh-shake it
Oh, you know what to do! Shake it like a Polaroid picture
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya! 
Hey ya! Hey ya!
Caroline 
See, Caroline, all the guys would say
She's mighty fine 
But mighty fine only got you somewhere
Half the time
And the other half either got you
Cussed out or coming up short
Yeah, now dig this
Now even though 
You'd need a golden calculator
To divide 
The time it took to look inside
And realize
That real guys go for real
Down to Mars girls
Haha, yeah
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Caroline, 
See she's the reason for the word
Bitch 
I hope she's speeding on the way to the club
Tryna hurry up to get to some baller or singer or somebody like that
And try to put on her make up in the mirror
And crash, crash
Crash into a ditch
Just playing
She needs a golden calculator
To divide 
The time it takes to look inside
And realize
That real guys go for real
Down to Mars girls
Yeah
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, I
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Well, she's got a hottie's body but her attitude is potty
When I met her at a party, she was hardly acting naughty
I said 
Shorty, would you call me? 
She said, 
Pardon me, are you balling? 
I said 
Darling, you sound like a prostitute pausing
Oh, so you're one them freaks
Get geeked at the sight of an ATM receipt
But game been peeped, dropping names she's weak
Tricking off this bitch is lost, must take me for a geek
A quick way to eat, a neat place sleep
A rent-a-car for a week, a trick for a treat
No go on the raw sex, my AIDS test is flawless
Regardless we don't want to get involved with all them lawyers
And judges just to hold grudges in a courtroom
I wanna see your support bra, not support you
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, I
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
I know you'd like to think
Your shit don't stank
But lean a little bit closer, see
Roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Yeah, roses really smell like
Boo-boo-oo
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasing cars
What happens when the dough gets low
Bitch, you ain't that fine, no way
No way
No way
Better come back down to Mars
Girl, quit chasing cars
What happens when the dough gets low
Bitch, you ain't that fine, no way
No way
No way
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Crazy bitch
 Ahhh, such sweet sound
The Fiddler on the Fuckin' Roof
Is that Mr. Bentley Fonzworth? 
Indeed, it is, sir
Good day, good sir
How do you do? Look fine
Fantastically well
I am certainly not fine by far
But you could say
I'm close to spectacular
Close to spectacular? How so? 
Open your eyes
Spectacular's right in front of you
Whatever you say... you're spectacular
No, I'm fantastically well
Come on, man, make up your mind
A minute ago, you said you were fine
No, I said I'm close to spectacular
But I'm meeting fine in a minute
Close to spectacular? 
You said you were fantastically well
Exactly
Exactly? Which one are you? 
Close to spectacular or fantastically well? 
I am certainly and without a doubt fantastically well
And was close to spectacular but I must say, good sir
You just pissed spectacular off
And don't even mention exactly...
But here comes fine right now
Oh Lord, she is fine
 Gentlemen
 Behold
 A lady
Sophistafunk, aristocats
Distinguished dogs, clean up your acts
Pull up your pants, ladies and gents
Please, act like you got some sense
You know what I really wanna know? 
Where do all the good girls go
What clubs they hang in? 
Behold a lady
I see you standin' on the wall
Clap, clap... you deserve it all 
Candy-coated unicorns are quite hard to find
The classic lady, a rare breed indeed
Is that make and model discontinued? 
Today I might snow, tomorrow I'll rain
3000's always changing but you stay the same
And I need that, hey I need that 
When I feel washed up and inadequate
And throw all my songs away, no matter how mad I get
You make me smile, you make me smile
You make me smile, you make me... 
You're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking
You won't let me drown and I'm grateful
Yo' mama's old fashioned, yo' daddy don't play
You'll always be this lovely
Cause they raised you that way
Hallelujah! Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord! 
Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord! 
Thank ya Jesus! Thank ya Lord! 
You're not extra extra, you're so plain Jane
The ying to my yang, darlin'
You've got that thang and you know it
But yet you don't and that's what's so cool
You don't say too much, but when you do it's profound
In the street you hold your head high
At home you get low down for me
Hooo! You're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking, you won't let me drown 
Sad, but one day our kids will have to visit museums
To see what a lady looks like
So if you find one, I beg you, hold her tight
If you spot one, good sir, treat her right
This is Benjamin Andre signing off
Thanks a million
Good luck and goodnight
 2x
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't  you teach me something new
We're all  just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't  you teach me something new
We're all  just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
Miss lady
You could have been born a little later but I don't care
So what if your head sports a couple of grey hairs? 
Same here, and actually I think that's funky
Miss lady
It looks to me like you need a little juice in your life
So call me when that big ole house gets lonelyfied
And I'll teleport from here to there
You show me how it's supposed to be done
I'll make sure you have young fun
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't  you teach me something new
We're all  just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
Pretty pink, baby blue
Why don't  you teach me something new
We're all  just babies in my view
So crawl baby
Crawl baby
You're sophisticated
Just me and miss lady
You've got me talkin like a baby
You make me talk baby talk
She's so sophisticated
You make me talk baby talk
Just me and miss lady
She makes me talk baby talk
Got me talkin like a baby
Like ga ga and goo goo
Oh momma
You're so sophisticated
Make me talk baby talk
Just me and miss lady
You're so experienced
Got me talkin like a baby
Teach me somethin new
Teach me somethin new
You're sophisticated
Just me and miss lady
You got me talkin like a baby
Let's kiss, not fight
Try to do whats right tonight
Make love, not war
What the hell are we living for? 
Tonight we'll make the prettiest song that no one will ever hear
No one will ever hear
No one will ever
These ain't the times to be alone cliche the end is near
Cliche the end is near
Cliche the end is
Quickly approaching while we carry on
No one is promised another day
Why can't the story end like fairytales often do
Before I let you leave I've got to say-ay-ay-ay
A boy to raise
At a young age
No help from him
But she's alive
To be made strong
But all alone
Must be a pain
But she's alive
The year was 1975
That night crickets cried
They knew what was going down
Three girls travel a long country road
And one said she thinks it's time
This baby wants to come right now
A boy to raise
At a young age
No help from him
But she's alive
To be made strong
But all alone
Must be a pain
But she's alive
I was scufflin' going to school
I was scufflin' working at night
And you know what
I truly believe
And that's why I tell a lot of parents
Single parents, don't tell me what God can't do
I made sure you had
I never felt like you should be deprived of anything
If a man didn't want to take care of his child
You move on
And that's what I did
I moved on
A boy to raise
At a young age
No help from him
But she's alive
To be made strong
But all alone
Must be a pain
But she's alive
A boy to raise
At... at a young age
No help from him
But she's alive
He always wanted to be a father
But he never took care of you
He ain't have no money
He ain't have nothin'
How can you care about somebody
And you never give the welfare of them
A boy to raise
At a young age
No help from him
But she's alive
To be made strong
But all alone
Must be a drag
But she's alive
A boy to raise
At a young age...
No help from him
But she's alive
To be made strong
But all alone
Must...
And I knew I had to go that road by myself
She's alive
You're all I've ever wanted, but I'm terrified of you
My castle may be haunted, but I'm terrified of you
I've cast my spell on millions, but I'm terrified of you
Baby I do this from the ceiling, but I'm terrified of you
I wait my whole life to bite the right one
Then you come along and that freaks me out
So I'm frightened... Dracula's wedding
I've never ran from no one, but I'm terrified of you
See my heartbeat is a slow one, but I'm terrified of you
I've been around for ages, but I'm terrified of you
Done my thang across the stage, but yet I’m terrified of you
You know I'm terrified...
You know I'm terrified...
You know I'm terrified! 
Shh! Here she comes! 
3, 000...3, 000...
3, 000...3, 000...
Give me the chance to dance romance
Don't run, I'm not the sun
So much at stake... oh! 
Bad choice of words
But I'm not the gun with silver bullets
And I can count, plus I make great peanut butter
And jelly sandwiches... Van Helsing
For richer or poorer...
Through sickness and in health...
'til Death do us part...'til DEATH do us part
You only live once...well, not in our case...
Cause we live forever
Ah! A letter from 
Dear Andre...
I hope this letter finds you in the best of health
As for myself I'm doing well
And P.S. with or without you, I can't get enough
That's why you're my favorite stuff."Hey yaaa... Ba-doo-baaaa-ba-doo-baaaaa
Hey yaaa... Ba-doo-baaaa-ba-doo-baaaaa
Baby, take off your cool
I wanna see you, I wanna see you
Baby, don't be so cool
I wanna see you, I wanna see you
Baby, take off your cool
I want to get to know you
Every boy and girl, woman and man
When you feel you've done about the best you can
Muthafuck the wagon, come join the band
Vibrate...vibrate higher! 
Sometimes when it's late at night
And you have no one to talk to
Here's what you don', you go through that
Raggedy cell phone'bout two or three times
Tracy ain't home, Tina ain't home
The Love Below start talkin' to ya
Every boy and girl, woman and man
When you feel you've done about the best you can
Muthafuck the wagon, come join the band
Vibrate...vibrate higher! 
The circumcision has already begun
Desensitizing the very thing or thang that brought
You into this motherfucker in the first place
And when I say motherfucker I do mean motherfucker
Because Mother Earth is dying and we continue to fuck her to death
Play with your own score sheet, become the master of your own bation
And yes, God is watching you, but no need to be embarrassed
For the future is in your hands, no the future is in your hand
Play with your own score sheet
Every boy and girl, woman and man
When you feel you've done about the best you can
Muthafuck the wagon, come join the band
Vibrate...vibrate higher!
I met you in a club in Atlanta, Georgia
Said me and my homeboy were coming out with an album
You looked at me like 
Yeah, nigga, right
But you gave me your number anyway
You were on the talcum...
Powder — How's about them oranges? 
Moved away from home to school with big plans
By day, studied the history of music
By night, just to pay for that shit, you'd dance
To get your pants was a Mission Impo-ssible
We were both the same age, but I
Suppose wasn't on the same page, but in
The same book of life, so I'd page you when
I felt you that were getting off of work
Or either when you're on your way to school
We started hanging like Ernie and Bert
And in my idle head I'm thinking: cool
Just when I think I'm going down your shirt
You're hiking up your skirt now
The events that followed had me volley if your hometown would be
Heaven or hell
The angelic nastiness you possessed made you by far the best
Therefore hard to tell
You'd dropped me off by the Dungeon
Never came in, but I knew that you were wondering
Now are these niggas in this house up to something
Selling crack sack by sacks so they could function? 
Well, yes and no
Yes, we were selling it
But no, it wasn't blow
Cook it in the basement then move it at a show
Then grab the microphone and everybody yelled ho! 
Meanwhile, the video starts playing
BET, college radio, and a van
Packed full of niggas with a blunt in their hand
And one in their ear
You know what I'm saying
But, I kept your number in my old phone
Got a new chip flip with the roam roam
So it took me a minute to retrieve 7 digits
But I promised I would call you when I got home
But, when I got home I never did
By the time I did, heard that you had a kid
By some nigga in Decatur
Who replied'See you later' when he got the good news
That's life shit
Now, I'm 19 with a Cadillac
My nigga had a Lex with the gold pack
Got a plaque but I'm living with my pop pop
So I got a Glock and a Lo
Jack
You kinda fast for that fella in class who used to draw
And never said much'cause half of what he saw
Was so far from that place you wanna be
That words only fucked it up more, follow me
Are you starting to gather what I'm getting at? 
Now if I'm losing you, tell me then I'll double back
But keep in mind, at the time keep it real was the phrase
Silly once said now, but those were the days
When Spring Break, and Daytona, and Freakniks
Made you wanna, drop out of college and never go back
Move to the South, but that ain't a Kodak
Moment, on went myself and Big Boi
Well, you knew him as'Twan
That's right, you were around before this shit begun
When'Twan had a daughter and
Sorta was made to mature before the first tour
We hit the road like jack
Laughed and cried and drive it back with some Yak
Girls used to say,'Y'all talk funny, y'all from the islands? '
And I'd laugh and they'd just keep smiling
'No, I'm from Atlanta, baby
He from Savannah, maybe
We should hook up and get tore up and then lay down, hey we
Gotta go because the bus is pulling out in 30 minutes'
She's playing tennis, disturbing the tenants
15-love, fit like glove
Description is like 15 doves
In a Jacuzzi catching the Holy Ghost
Making one woozy in the head and comatose, agree? 
Enough about me, how's about you? 
How's the lil' kid? 
She was about two the last time we spoke
I hadn't smoked or took a shot of drink
'Cause I'd start the second album off on another note
Now, that note threw some niggas in the hood off
But see I'd balled out, and before I fall out
I'd slow my Lac down to a nice speed
The brain was that fried egg I might need
New direction was apparent
I was a child looking at the floor staring
So changing my style was like relief for the primitive beast
Yes, I was on the rise, yeast was the street
To make bread, never primary concern
Just to hop on these beats and wait my turn
I'd meet Muslims, gangstas, bitches, rastas, and macaroni niggas, imposters
So on a trip to New York on some beeswax
I get invited to a club where emcees at
And on stage is a singer with some thing on her head
Similar to the turban that I covered up my dreads with
Which I was rocking at the time
When I was going through them phases trying to find
Anything that seemed real in the world
Still searching, but I started liking this girl
Now you know her as Erykah 
On and On Badu
Call Tyrone on the phone,'Why you
Do that girl like that, boy, you ought to be ashamed'
The song wasn't about me and that ain't my name
We're young, in love, in short we had fun
No regrets no abortion, had a son
By the name of Seven, and he's 5
By the time I do this mix, he'll probably be 6
You do the arithmetic
Me do the language arts
Y'all stand against the wall blindfolded, we throw the darts
To poke you in the heart
And take you from the start
To when luxury transportation meant a MARTA card
Or either when your girlfriend that went to Mays
Mama or her daddy let her borrow the Benz because she's smart
Or maybe if your neighbor does you a huge favor
And he sells you that Rabbit that's been sitting in his yard
You fix it up, you trick it out, you give it rims, you give it bump
You give it all your time because that's all you can think about
And that's as far as I got
And that's as far as I got, and where I wanted to go
Knowing the whole summer that's all you could think about
Even though if you cut it off and start that bitch up
You need a jump, like your need and your want to grow
And you change all the time
So that Rabbit that you thought about that whole summer
The next summer, you didn't want that Rabbit no more
You wanted something bigger and better
So the summer passed and now the Rabbit's old? 
Right...right, so now you want a Cadillac...
They call me Mr hot shot baby can I do my thing
Don't stop girl I like the vibe you bring
Knock knock open up and let me in
We can do most anything tell me do you like my swing repeat
Well tell me if you no hear
How the reggae lover him a run things this year
New tune fi buss and me have lyrics fi spare
No need to fear
Girl if you down with Mr lover put you finger inna the air
I love you walk
And I even like the raunchy way that you talk
You're the kinda girl that all the fellas all a
Come let me discombobulate your parts
Well girl you better know she right ya now you is a part of the plan
I notice pon you finger she you wear a wedding band
No bother think say this is just a one night stand
No think I man a look you fi a slam
I tell you gal on top of how you look you know you have sex appeal
You're like a priceless gem whe every man waan fi steal
Expressing my emotions got to tell you how I feel
So baby come and let me know the deal
Girl gimmi little loving girl gimmi little loving baby come come
Girl gimmi little loving I want you by my side tonight
Girl gimmi little loving girl gimmi little loving baby come come
Girl gimmi little loving don't wanna be alone tonight
See I don't mind when you say that you're going away
I just don't want to be lonely
And I don't care if we share only moments a day
I just don't want to be lonely
Girl could you hold me babe that would please me
Don't do this darling I hate when you leave me
You got me hooked girl this isn't easy
If you don't love me baby release me
Now girl we could dine pour us some wine
After the meal we can unwind putting my heart back on the line
Girl its a fact you should be mine
Now mi no plan fi spend another long lonely night
And a lay down in a mi bed a hug mi pillow up tight
No feel no way I man can't take the fuss and the fight
I rather make sweet love to you under the candle light
I don't mind when you say that you're going away
I just don't want to be lonely
And I don't care if we spend only moments a day
I just don't want to be lonely
Now lissen me please I'm down on my knees
I'm begging you darling put me at ease
What's with this feeling I wish it would cease
My heart is held hostage I beg for release
Why won't reveal just what you feel
Let it out babe just be for real
Girl what you afraid of why is it concealed
I know what I bargained for and this ain't the deal
Now mi no plan fi spend another long lonely night
And a lay down in a mi bed a hug mi pillow up tight
No feel no way I man can't take the fuss and the fight
I rather make sweet love to you under the candle light
I don't mind when you say that you're going away
I just don't want to be lonely
And I don't care if we spend only moments a day
I just don't want to be lonely
Girl gimmi little loving girl gimmi little loving baby come come
Girl gimmi little loving I want you to to be by my side tonight
Girl gimmi little loving girl gimmi little loving baby come come
Girl gimmi little loving can't see myself alone tonightMr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover
Uh, uh, well
Sugar
Here's another one
And another day
Move to this, let me see you jump and twist
Pump your fist cause you know it's hard to resist
As long you know you're rollin' with the love
Specialist
Feel the pow, let me put the groove in your hips
The night is young, so let's go roll with the fun
You got some gun, check it out, gimme some
Cause I'm about to play an old girl like a drum
She shackatack, poor soul settle down
Girl, what you gon' do with all that body
{​Shake it up all night}​
Careful with that thing before you hurt somebody
{​Tell me what you like}​
Do it, baby
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Gotta holla' to my fellas who be hangin' by the
Bathroom door
Waitin' for the honeys dance in the dance floor
Push up and get the niggas y'all ready for the score
Now who's the dog, you're the one that sung hardcore
Come on
I gotta take this part to a new high
Keep it tight, ain't got no time no fight
You wanna be a player, better know to do it right
Kissing all the honeys under the disco light
Girl, what you gon' do with all that body
{​Shake it up all night}​
Careful with that thing before you hurt somebody
{​Tell me what you like}​
Let'em know
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance
Take you where there's all night action
Dancin' to the beat with a passion
Mr. Lover party's happenin'
Doin' anything you and I can
I'll take you where there's all night action
Dancin' to the beat with a passion
Mr. Lover party's happenin'
Doin' anything you and I can
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
So baby-baby, let me see you move your body pon the
Dancehall floor
Gotta one, just jigga, shake it up, gimme more
Jerk chicken on the grill, so make the champagne pour
Girl, don't be a drag, I might show you the door
{​What? ! }​
I like to see bodies take and shake
Dressed in lace, uh, and a perfect shape
Girls local and out of state
I got a couple of them and I'm gettin' ready to mate
Cassandra, let's shake {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Michelle, let's shake{​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
I want Theresa to shake {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Lisa to shake {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the ground
Let's dance, let's shout {​Shout}​
Shake your body down to the groundI remember, wasn't so long ago
We had a one room shack and the livin' was low
And my mama by herself raised me and my bro
Wasn't easy, but we did it with the little that go
Worked hard, got us up for school every day
And kept her eyes on the stars when the skies were gray
Gave us pride to survive, really showed us the way
Now I really understood what she was tryin' to say
She said, 
Son there'll be times when the tides are high
And the boat may be rocky, you can cry
Just never give up
You can never give up,  uh-uh
In this life you could lead if you only believe
And in order to achieve what you need
You can never give up
You can never give up
And this hope
That keep me holding on
On and on
And this hope
That makes me carry on
On and on
Boom-boom, couldn't have made it alone
I got a wonderful life, two kids on my own
With a strong foundation that was carved in stone
And my mama for the love that made my house a home
Made me wonder some time if this was meant to be
All this for a humble little guy like me
And all I ever really wanted was a family
To teach my kids the same value that she gave to me
She said,'Son there'll be times when the tides are high
And the boat may be rocky, you can cry
Just never give up
You can never give up, ' uh-uh
In this life you could lead if you only believe
And in order to achieve what you need
You can never give up
You can never give up
And this hope
That keep me holding on
And on
And this hope
That makes me carry on
On and on
We nah turn no stepper, things a go better
Never let yourself be overcome by pressure
Cool yah me bredda, have faith instead a
Sid-dung and a watch and all a fight one another
Blaze like fire, we nah go retire
God nah sleep and a within him we inspire
We have to reach higher for what we require
We have to make our mark before the time expire
And this hope
That keep me holding on
And on
And this hope
That makes me carry on
On and on
And this hope
That keep me holding on
And on
And this hope
That makes me carry on
On and on
There's hope, yeah
Hope keeps it alive, yeah, uh
Hope keeps it alive, yeah, uh
And it strikes an iron, uh
Hope keeps it alive, yeah, yeah
Hope keeps it alive, yeah
Only the strong survive, yeah
Keep it carry on, keep it carry on, yeah
Uh-uh
I'll keep it carry on, yeah
I gotta carry on, gotta carry on and be strong
Uh-uh-uh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh-uh
Now this one's dedicated to all the youths who want to say nice things to all dem girls
Treat her like diamonds and pearls
Dedicated to all the girls around the world
 Now this is Rayvon and Shaggy with a combination you can't miss
 Flip this one'pon the musical disc  Well
Ah ah, wah wah wah
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady
Life is one big party when you're still young
But who's gonna have your back when it's all done? 
I's all good when you're little, you have pure fun
Can't be a fool, son, what about the long run? 
Looking back Shorty always mention
Said me not giving her much attention
She was there through my incarceration
I wanna show the nation my appreciation
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady
You're a queen and so you should be treated
Though you never get the lovin' that you needed
Could have left, but I called and you heeded
Begged and I pleaded, mission completed
Mama said that I and I dissed the program
Not the type to mess around with her emotion
But the feeling that I have for you is so strong
Been together so long and this could never be wrong
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady
Uh, uh
Girl, in spite of my behavior, said I'm your savior
And you appear to me so tender, say girl I surrender
Girl, in spite of my behavior, well, you are my savior
And you appear to me so tender, well, girl I surrender
Now life is one big party when you're still young
And who's gonna have your back when it's all done
I's all good when you're little, you have pure fun
Can't be a fool, son, what about the long run
Looking back Shorty always mention
Said me not giving her much attention
She was there through my incarceration
I wanna show the nation my appreciation
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, lady
Girl, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Closer than my peeps you are to me, baby
Shorty, you're my angel, you're my darling angel
Girl, you're my friend when I'm in need, ladyUh-huh
Now this one goes out to my lady
I want me and you to go on this wonderful love rondezvous baby
Ha ha ha ha
One on one
Give you a little love escapade
You know what I'm saying? 
Mr. Lover
Candlelight, dinner for two
Just me and you
Under the moon
Sailing on a summer night cruise
I'm here to rock your whole world baby
I'm da man allowed to drive you crazy
Set the motion to the ocean
Cause some commotion
Girl surrender to my love potion
I'll hit you off now with some hot oil lotion
I play it safe so let me break out my Trojan
Leave it to me, baby
We can turn on the heat, baby
And wrinkle the sheets, baby
Whatever you need, lady 
Now let me plan a day real fine
Hot tub, jacuzzi, caviar with some white wine
That's right, I'm livin' millonaire style
Mansion in the hills and not another house for miles
Now let me take you and show off my pet reptile
Intruders im gonna feed it to my rottwiler
No interruptions today
Leave it to me and have things my way
Leave it to me, baby
We can turn on the heat, baby
And wrinkle the sheets, baby
Whatever you need, lady 
'Cuz I like the way you do the things you do
I wanna make sweet love to you 
I wanna send chills up your spine
I let you feel good inside
And explode just like a land mine
I'm here to conquer and thrill and that's my mission
Love-making with timing and precision
My skills is kickin'
An' like breakin'
Proper lovin; leave you hummin
Sweet melodies of future come
Prepare to get soaked in sweat, yeah, girl
'Cuz you ain't seen nothin' yet
Leave it to me, baby
We can turn on the heat, baby
And wrinkle the sheets, baby
Whatever you need, baby Uh- thats right
Reality check
You kno what I mean
Street lifes eh
Scorpion yeah uh
When I was young
I use to dream of being rich
Have alot of houses and cars
Couldn't know which one was which
And finding me a chick and getting hitched
Living the fairy tale life perfect without a ditch
You think that this would bring me happiness
If at the end of every rainbow
There was a treasure chest
Sometimes having more is really less
So take a look inside yourself
You'll realize you're really blessed
No matter how you're sad and blue
There's always someone who has it worse than you
Sometimes you gotta pay your dues
So don't worry just push on through
Keep'n it real
Gotta GIG up all my peoples who be working on the future
Even though they know they gotta struggle
Keep'n it real
To all my homies working on the 9 to 5
And doing right to keep themselves up out of trouble
Keep'n it real
Although sometimes I know it seems impossible
There ain't no need in drowning in your sorrows
Keep'n it real
If things are as bad as they can be
You can be sure there'll be a brighter tomorrow
I NEVER GOT to have myself the house, the mansion, and the Benz
I'm not the type of brother who be making mad ends
I got myself a girl but we be kickin' it as friends
Is not enough for me now that depends
Again- not everthing you want is everything you really need
The standard of society is modevated by greed
Are you prepared to follow
Tell me are you prepared to lead
So persevere and you'll suceed
Keep'n it real
Gotta GIG up all my peoples who be working on the future
Even though they know they gotta struggle
Keep'n it real
To all my homies working on the 9 to 5
And doing right to keep themselves up out of trouble
Keep'n it real
Although sometimes I know it seems impossible
There ain't no need in drowning in your sorrows
Keep'n it real
If things are as bad as they can be
You can be sure there'll be a brighter tomorrow
*Hook*
All the harsh realities
Appears to come in twos and threes
Don't worry cuz
There'll be a better day
One thing I can promise you
Just keep on keeping on
I swear to you
There's gonna be a brighter day
Back in the days
I USED TO dream of being rich
Have alot of houses and cars
Couldn't know which one was which
And finding me a chick and getting hitched
Living the fairy tale life perfect witout a ditch
You think that this would bring me happiness
If at the end of every rainbow there was a treasure chest
Sometimes having more is really less
So take a look inside yourself
You'll realize you're really blessed
No matter how you're sad and blue
There's always someone who has it worse than you
Sometimes you gotta pay your dues
So don't worry just push on through
Keep'n it real
Gotta GIG up all my peoples who be working on the future
Even though they know they gotta struggle
Keep'n it real
To all my homies working on the 9 to 5
And doing right to keep themselves up out of trouble
Keep'n it real
Although sometimes I know it seems impossible
There ain't no need in drowning in your sorrows
Keep'n it real
If things are as bad as they can be
You can be sure there'll be a brighter tomorrow
That's right, see me, yeah
Give thanks for what you have, ya kno
And when you think that its bad
There's always somebody that's worse
Kno what I'm sayin'
GOOD JOB LISTENEN TO ME
Wa-wa, Wa-wa
Wa-wa, wa-wa
FUNKY
When I, um, I had rap, rap joints out there, and people were like, yeah he's nice, you know
I's hard to go from kid tv show to rapper
It is, it is, but you know, the more and more, we were consistent, it proved, it turned from a flaw to an attribute. You know, it's like, it makes the story better, I think at this point
Especially when the music is good and they're like, yo he's real
We started just putting songs out-
So are you aware, are you feeling this, this, this energy around you right now? There's people talkin' about you He knows, he knows, yeah like how does that feel, what does that feel like to you? 
Every, every, like I said, I'm very humbled by it, I feel very blessed. And umm, yeah, I'm never gonna let it set in, I just wanna keep, I just wanna keep working to be honest with you
Ride the wave, baby, ride the wave. And you have some big interest too, like, I know you're working. There's one with Lil' Wayne, and you did, umm, just talk in the studio with some different people, can you talk about yet or no? 
I've been working, I've been working all week with some of New York City's finest, umm, artists. I haven't been working with New York City's finest
Let's clean that up
Yeahhhhh 
Hahaha, hey, hey, ha 
Aight Toomp man, this what the folks been waitin on I guess 
Let's give it to'em baby 
Grand Hustle nigga
Ay man, they been waitin on this shit since 
What You Know huh? 
Yeahhhh, it's the king bitch! 
Aight my nigga, the wait is over nigga
Hey, hey! 
One for the money, two for the show dawg
Three for the niggas hatin on the low, y'all
Know a picture's worth a million words I'mma show y'all
Death before dishonor, family befo' all
Without the braids I'm the closest thing to O-Dog
Minus the testimony; say it ain't so homie
Hey! Shorty like that, don't he? 
World hopped off my jock, I got'em right back on it
Ohh! Step back, brush myself off
Picked bid'ness back up right where I left off
I could show my dough, that other guy just talk
Hey where I live just as big as yo' projects dawg
AY! Ha ha, better check my swagger
How I walk, how I talk, how I stack that cheddar
What I drive, how I dress, nigga let's just bet a
Hundred stacks on that, nigga I'm just, better
Hahahaha, somebody better tell'em mayne
They swag owe my swag everythang
I's very plain to see you study me awful hard
To the point that my swag need a bodyguard
I think a Thank You card's in order, y'all oughta be
Havin y'all swag sendin mines an apology
A lot of little me's I see, got beef
But what's the possibilities? Stop seek, you not me
Hardly worth a hill of beans, step up to the guillotine
Get decapitated; don't see how half of you rappers made it
Say good-bye to the fame and fortune, c'est la vie
And what the game need with you nigga? They got me
I ride through the city, so clean, seat really low
Automo-bil-ey so, pretty but I'm illy though
No comparison, ain't a nigga mo', thorough than
This gangsta American flow, doper than heroin
King like Evelyn, Champagne mayne
So deranged and belligerent; right up there with Benjamin
Who? Andre 3K, B.I.G., Jay-Z, UGK
Scarface, Makaveli the great, Wayne, Common, Kanye and, Lupe
So fuck what you say, you welcome to ask who you may
Bet they say as of today I'm back on top like a toupee
Hey! All objections overruled, it's overdue
Both high, and sober too, I'm so high, up over you
Same guy you see in the streets is as fly as here in the booth
So don't be surprised when you meet me to see I'm really the truth
Ooh, so uncouth, nigga who want proof? 
Must agree if shit I did can't no one undo
I stay on my, one-two, nigga who want to
Turn a brunch into a brawl, do what you gon' do
I'm why it's, hot as a bitch in here still, cool as a Frigidaire
This year I'm on a mission dear, think that was somethin, listen here
Rebel for the hell of it, hella rich
Never have to sell a brick again, must I tell a bitch again? 
The bullshit I'm addressin', check, I'm on some next level shit
Never been fucked in the game; I'm celibate
Rarely out my element
Barely out the ghetto, with one foot out and one foot in
Intelligent as fellas get
Listen, let's settle this: be clear, I could fall back seven years
Still it ain't no one ahead of me
Consider it a blessin' if you get to stand next to me
Five star general, O.G. veteran
Caked like Entenmann's, blowin' that celery
Stack that cash like the U.S. Treasury
Every single thing I ever did was done heavily
Rap until you're 70, still ain't no catchin' me
Put it on my pops, Big Phil, Aunt Beverly
Be standin' on the top still after they bury me
Nose in the air, so stuck up, arrogant
Ain't got long hot songs, best cherish it
Cool when I drop mine; that's over, finito
You payin' for your foul like a free throw: BAOW! 
Now, how could a nigga think that he could see me
Other than the magazine covers or the TV? 
Know I sold mo' mixtapes than your CD
You're waitin' on your big break, prayin' you could be me
You ain't made it far as D.C., on the low
I been all around the globe, like a god how they treat me
Broads hit they knees, eyes closed when they greet me
Mouth wide open, just beggin' me to skeet-skeet
You in a deep sleep, stop dreamin'
I'm six albums in for ten years, I been five hot steamin'
The limelight's mine, I'm gleamin', beamin'
That's why I say I'm King, bitch, I got my reasons
Wrist so frosty, neck so chilly 
All on my mind is to get more millies 
Niggas talk shit, that's silly 
Shawty, he ain't about that really?  Is he? 
Nigga, I'm illy!  Haha, haha, haha, hey
Aye, I run this city, clearly 
Tell'em get lost, I'm busy, really? Nigga, I'm illy
Where niggas get off? Piss off! 
Me and mine ought to take time to pop a lid off
Shit, all over the whereabouts of me is y'all
Sick in your fuckin' mind, you figuring I'ma fizz off
Never cooled off, T.I.P. scorchin'
Minimal injury, though they wishing me maximum misfortune
Number one, hands down, flows paint portraits
Everybody thinks you stink like horse shit
House full of chicks on some Girl Next Door shit
A king who once sell 30 mil out the store quick
Of course this case lost all my endorsements
Tripled up on real estate, still buyin' more shit
But T.I.P. bankrupt according to your sources
I'm still caked up along with more reinforcements
Tore shit up from the lobby to the rooftops
Officially the hottest nigga rappin' since 2Pac
'Fore you rap'bout me, best ask'bout me
I'm out my fuckin' mind, need counselin'
Please don't doubt me, trust me, drama ain't nothin'
I's all fun and games'til somebody start bustin'
'Member my discussion when rappers be battlin'
I find out about it, better get to skedaddlin'
Pack your family bags, move'em out to Seattle and
We ever cross paths, you'll need ambulance and bandages
Live life glamorous, so extravagant
Mandarin Oriental, worldwide travellin'
Hip-Hop champion, for real though; you couldn't fuck with me with a Brazil ho, nigga, but still though
Wrist so frosty, neck so chilly 
All on my mind is to get more millies 
Niggas talk shit, that's silly 
Shawty, he ain't about that really?  Is he? 
Nigga, I'm illy!  Haha, haha, haha, hey
Aye, I run this city, clearly 
Tell'em get lost, I'm busy, really? Nigga, I'm illy
Hahaha, HEY! Aye, just remember
I do this shit when I want to, nigga
I's me, nigga! Zone One, homie! Yeah, yeah
I don't wanna hear shit'bout I can't rap like this
When I ain't did it that way, nigga
Fuck you, partner! Yeah, yeah, this the King, bitch!
Hate the price of fame'coz it cost too much 
And you lame niggas talk too much 
I'm ready for whatever, somebody better tell'em 
I said I'm ready for whatever, hey hey
Even though my head in the clouds, I'm planted on the pavement
How I walk around, people starin' at amazement
And I play a lot of game on where I be and I ain't playin with it
They so judgmental, everyday they don't understand
If your life was in jeopardy, e'ryday is you tellin me
You wouldn't need weaponry just because of your felony
Consider this at least, I got e'rybody sweatin me
On the streets is people who won't rest unless I rest in peace
Killed my folk a year ago, still in my sleep they threaten me
Paranoia stressin me, ain't nobody protectin me
I'm dealin with the pressure from my partner dyin next to me
No one's arrested, they comin for me eventually
This was all the things I was goin through mentally
This could be the reason I ignored the penitentiary
Now mention them New Orlean niggas comin in the city
Killin all summer long, ain't nobody payin attention
Now is it that hard to understand if you listen
Either die or go to jail, that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong and I know it my excuses ain't important
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice
I had straps in my ride, gotta go to prison
You waiting on me to die, you gon' be waiting for a minute 
Ready for whatever, somebody better tell'em
I be here when the smoke clears and everythin settles, for real
Can't afford the price of fame'coz it cost too much
Plus these sucka niggas lame and they talk too much
Ready for whatever, somebody better tell'em
I be here when the smoke clears and everythin settles, for real
I'm a man, I ain't perfect, gotta admit it I'm guilty
But understand, feel me, I was ridin filthy
'Coz niggas out there plot to rob me and kill me
500 thousand every year spent on security
And my future was bright, but now it's gettin blurry
'Coz niggas in a hurry to find me and bury me
But surely, God will deliver me up out it
I'm a fighter to the heart and I forever be about it
I'm a father to my sons, an asset to my community
Look at all that I done, my good weigh the negativity
Mentally, I was focused on not lettin history
Repeat itself, that’s why heat was kept in the vicinity
Yes officially I broke the law but not maliciously
Through all of the publicity, was anybody considerin
My position and the logic came from my decision
But they caught me with it, now I'm off to prison, period
But is it that hard to understand if you listen
Either die or go to jail, that's a hell of a decision
But I'm wrong and I know it my excuses ain't important
I'm just tryna let you know that I ain't think I had a choice
Ey I said listen homeboy
You can talk all you want mayne you know what I;m saying
Everybody talking to the king you know what I'm sayin
Everybodys entitled to an opinion you know what I'm sayin
They like yesterdays everybody got one
But the fact of the matter remain
If you ain't walk a mile in my shoes and you ain't lived a day in my life
You ain't survive the shit I done survived
You ain't had to deal wit the shit I had to deal with homeboy
You can't mothafucking judge me partner
I mean look at folk like Sean taylor
You know what they said they said had he had a strap
He would have lived today
You know what I'm sayin
Now true enough I was dead wrong I broke the law
I deserve to be punished I understand that'ight cool
But listen man I gotta house full of kids
A mama and an old lady who life in my
Responsibility you dig that! ? 
Now for all of yall who think I was just ridin around on some dumb shit
You know I'm smarter than you man
You know I'm smarter than you dawg
Ey if you think I was just being stupid
Shawty I got some mufukin ocean front property in Idaho for sale homie
If you beleive that T gotta bridge in Brooklyn I wanna sell you partnah
Ey man real talk in order to understand my train of thoughts
You'll have to put yo self in my position
You can't expect me to think like you cuz my life ain't like yours
You know what I'm sayin? If you dont understand that you don't
Understand english im done talking!
Rich by popular demand
The wait is over homie
Yes it is, A-Town connection
Know the city gon' feel this
Damn right
Say Toot, I know you see me,'Cris
Whattup boy
I know both our pops lookin at us
Wayne Bridges what up
Let's go! 
Big Phil, we made this shit happen homie
History in the makin'
Momma I did it
I used to dream  ohh-whoa (Wayne Bridges, whattup)
About the money and the cars and girls (Let's go)
But now I see   ohh-whoa! 
Because I'm sittin on top of the world! (Momma I did it)
And now I see  see  see  see 
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! 
And now I see  see  see  see 
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! 
Ay, man I remember'fore I stay that way, let me issue this statement
No way should reflection be mistaken for glorification
Now I remember so vivid, me and my niggas was livin'
Sub-standard condition, still handling business
Still laughin' and trippin', still having the bitches
I'm rapping not reminiscing, and goddamn it we did it
From trappin', standin' and pitchin' with riches stand in the kitchen
Splittin' it eight ways, flip it in eight days
Thought to wild and unruly but just the way to behave
Kept the weigh and the yay' for most the paper we made
And all dimes, I ain't lyin, the pleasure was all mine
Had big work to move but we served the small time
Always outshine the niggas with small minds
Who would thought we'd be arguably the greatest of all time
Round here, we develop such a sound down here
Been duplicated often still can only be found here
Only listen to G's, that other shit I don't hear
Shit, they so far in the rear, why would I even care
I'm too busy a player, stare at niggas careers
Been talkin'bout it for years and now we finally here
I used to dream  ohh-whoa 
About the money and the cars and girls 
But now I see  ohh-whoa! 
Because I'm sittin on top of the world! 
And now I see  see  see  see 
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! 
And now I see  see  see  see 
Cause I'm sittin on top of the world! 
Luda, Luda
Hear my heart on this one
True story
Rest in peace Wayne Bridges
They say what goes up must come down
But I ain't reach my cruisin' altitude
Take a look at what I did
But can you imagine what I'm about to do
The places I'm'bout to go and the money I'm'bout to see
Gave Bill Gates some binoculars and said, look out for me
Exceeded expectations, even at Def Jam
Cause I married the streets and Atlanta has been my best man
My momma quit her job and now she works with six figures
Cause I'm a self-made nappy headed rich nigga
Private planes help me travel in peace
To fo' cities in one day and fo' countries in one week
Cause I, work for myself and no one else cause I'm too smart to
Put one of my partners right through culinary art school
Now he my personal chef so that bread he get it
Put'em all in houses, cleaned up all of my friends' credit
And now they witnessed all the glitz and the glamour
Catch us eatin' at Straits Atlanta with women with table manners
Ordering Singaporean lobster
Celebrating coming from nothing to winning Grammy's
And rappers winning Oscars
Yeah, and they say rappers shouldn't act, nah suckers
We see Samuel Jackson like, whassup motherfucker
I used to dream
About the money and the cars and girls
But now I see, ohh-whoa
Because I'm sittin' on top of the world
And now I see, see, see, see
Cause I'm sittin' on top of the world
And now I see, see, see, see
Cause I'm sittin' on top of the world
I made it momma
I know them haters don't stop plottin' and wishin' we fall
Cause I'm standin' on top lookin' down at it all
I know from down there to y'all, it seems like I got it all
Homie, I ain't get enough, we still tryin' to triple up
That's why we got Street
Cred and Akoo building up
Say I'm doing too much, shit I say I ain't did enough
Remember sayin', damn, if I could just get to a million plus
And now I'm like, shit what the fuck is a million bucks
Triple that on my bond, thanks to Bigs and Run
But never mind what I been through, just look at what I become
All this shit I've avoided, what it done for my sons
And daughters and momma, just call her
I sold dope and dropped out of school
Seems it's all they can see
They don't notice none of my family did that since me
I broke that cycle
Now my family live a live for
Mandatory minimals
But not when the judge sentence us
Cousin's in college
Where you think they get tuition from? 
Jeffrey standin'round wishin, huh
And while you stand around lookin' dumb, I make it happen
Takin' action over time, got damn good at it
I used to dream
About the money and the cars and girls
But now I see, ohh-whoa
Because I'm sittin' on top of the world
And now I see, see, see, see
Cause I'm sittin' on top of the world
And now I see, see, see, see
Cause I'm sittin' on top of the world
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha
Ay... this a special what's happenin to all my
All my soldiers over there in Iraq
E'rybody right here
What you need to do is be thankful for the life you got, y'knowmsayin? 
Stop lookin at what you ain't got
Start bein thankful for what you do got
Let's give it to'em baby girl, hey
You're gonna be, a shinin star
In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life 
You steady chasin that paper
Just live your life 
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life 
No tellin where it'll take ya
Just live your life 
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life 
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life  just livin my life
Hey, never mind what haters say, ignore'em'til they fade away
Amazing they ungrateful after all the game I gave away
Safe to say I paved the way for you cats to get paid today
You'd still be wastin days away now had I never saved the day
Consider them my protege, homage I think they should pay
Instead of bein gracious they violate in a major way
I never been a hater, still I love'em in a crazy way
Some say they sold the yay' you know they couldn't get work on Labor Day
It ain't that black and white, it has an area the shade of gray
I'm Westside anyway, even if I left today and stayed away
Some move away to make a way, not move away cause they afraid
I brought back to the hood, and all you ever did was take away
I pray for patience but they make me wanna melt they face away
Like I once made'em spray, now I could make'em put the K's away
Been thuggin all my life, can't say I don't deserve to take a break
You'd rather see me catch a case and watch my future fade away
You're gonna be, a shinin star
In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life 
Just live your life 
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life 
No tellin where it'll take ya
Just live your life 
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life 
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life  just livin my life
I'm the opposite of moderate, immaculately polished with
The spirit of a hustler and the swagger of a college kid
Allergic to the counterfeit, impartial to the politics
Articulate, but still'll grab a nigga by the collar quick
Whoever havin problems with their record sales just holler Tip
If that don't work and all else fails then turn around and follow Tip
I got love for the game, but ay I'm not in love with all of it
Could do without the fame, and rappers nowadays are comedy
The hootin and the hollerin, back and forth with the arguin
Where you from, who you know, what you make and what kind of car you in
Seems as though you lost sight of what's important when depositin
Them checks into your bank account, and you up out of poverty
Your values is a disarray, prioritizin horribly
Unhappy with the riches cause you're piss poor morally
Ignorin' all prior advice and forewarnin'
And we mighty full of ourselves all of a sudden, aren't we? 
You're gonna be, a shinin star
In fancy clothes, and fancy car-ars
And then you'll see, you're gonna go far
Cause everyone knows, just who ya are-are
So live your life 
You steady chasin that paper
Just live your life 
Ain't got no time for no haters
Just live your life 
No tellin where it'll take ya
Just live your life 
Cause I'm a paper chaser
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life 
Just livin my life  my life 
My life  my life  just livin my life
Got everybody watchin what I do, come walk in my shoes
And see the way I'm livin if you really want to
Got my mind on my money
And I'm not goin awayyyyyyy
So keep on gettin your paper, and keep on climbin
Look in the mirror, and keep on shinin 
Until the game ends,'til the clock stop
We gon' post up on the top spot
Livin the life, the life
In the Windmill City got my whole team with me
The life, my life
I do it how I wanna do
I'm livin my life, my life
I will never lose
I'm livin my life, my liiiife
And I'll never stop it
{
Miya hee, miya ho, miya hu, miya ha-ha - *repeat 4X*}
So live your life
Aye, Jim, you know the ol' sugar daddies? 
They be trickin', they tell them girls
I said you could have whatever you like 
I said you could have whatever you like 
Yeah 
Stacks on deck, Patron on ice
And we can pop bottles all night
And, baby, you could have whatever you like 
I said you could have whatever you like, yeah
Baby, I can treat you so special, so nice
I gas up the jet for you tonight
And, baby, you could go wherever you like 
I said you could go wherever you like, yeah 
Anytime you want to pick up the telephone, you
Know it ain't nothin' to drop a couple stacks on you
Want it, you could get it, my dear
Five million dollar home, drop Bentleys, I swear, yeah
I want yo' body, need yo' body
Long as you got me you won't need nobody
You want it, I got it, go get it, I'll buy it
Tell them other broke nigga be quiet
Stacks on deck, Patron on ice
And we can pop bottles all night
And, baby, you could have whatever you like 
I said you could have whatever you like, yeah
Baby, I can treat you so special, so nice
I gas up the jet for you tonight
And, baby, you could go wherever you like 
I said you could go wherever you like, yeah 
Shawty, you the hottest, love the way you drop it
So good I swore you went to college
Hundred karat deposit, to vacations in the tropics
‘Cause e'rybody know it ain't trickin' if you got it
You need never ever gotta go to yo' wallet
Long as I got rubberband banks in my pocket
Five, six rides with rims and a body kit
You ain't gotta downgrade, you can get what I get
My chick could have what she want
And go in any store for any bag she want
And, no, she ain't never had a man like that
To buy you anything your heart desire like that, yeah
I want yo' body, need yo' body
Long as you got me you won't need nobody
You want it, I got it, go get it, I'll buy it
Tell them other broke nigga be quiet
Stacks on deck, Patron on ice
And we can pop bottles all night
And, baby, you could have whatever you like 
I said you could have whatever you like, yeah
Baby, I can treat you so special, so nice
I gas up the jet for you tonight
And, baby, you could go wherever you like 
I said you could go wherever you like, yeah 
I'm talkin' big boy rides, and big boy ice
Let me put this big boy in yo' life
You just be so fresh, and look so nice
Let me put this big boy in yo' life; that's right
I want yo' body, need yo' body
Long as you got me you won't need nobody
You want it, I got it, go get it, I'll buy it
Tell them other broke nigga be quiet
Stacks on deck, Patron on ice
And we can pop bottles all night
And, baby, you could have whatever you like 
I said you could have whatever you like, yeah
Baby, I can treat you so special, so nice
I gas up the jet for you tonight
And, baby, you could go wherever you like 
I said you could go wherever you like, yeah 
Never have you seen in ya lifetime
A more divine southern rapper with a swagga like mine
Facin' all kinda time, but smile like I'm fine
Brag with such passion and shine without tryin'
Believe me, pain's a small thang to a giant
I was born without a dime
Out the gutter I climbed
Spoke my mind and didn't stutter one time
Ali said even the greatest gotta suffer sometime
So I huff and puff rhymes, lyrics so sick wit it
Set the standards in Atlanta how to get get get it
So you up and coming rappers wanna diss, just kill it
I'm officially the realest, point blank, period
Whether I still live in the hood or just visit
Whatever you can do in the hood I done did it
That's why the dope boys and the misfits feel it
This still the city long as TIP livin', Nigga
I ain't dead , I ain't done 
I ain't scared , I ain't run 
But still I stand 
No matter what people here I am
No matter what remember
I ain't break , I ain't fold 
They hate me more 
Yeah I know
Here I go
No matter what shorty, here I go
No matter what shorty
You let the blog sites and the magazines tell it
I'm sure to be in jail until 2027
Rather see me in the cell
Instead of this new Mc
Laren
God will take you to hell, just to get you to heaven
So even though it's heavy, the load I will carry
Grin and still bear it, win and still share it
Apologies to the fans, I hope you can understand it
Life can change your directions, even when you ain't planned it
All you can do it handle it, worst thing you can do is panic
Use it to your advantage, avoid insanity manage
To conquer, every obstacle, make impossible possible
Even when winning illogical, losing is still far from optional
Yeah they wanna see you shot up in the hospital
But, when life throw punches, block and counter like a boxer do
Been locked inside mi casa too long, I did a song
To make it known that the king lives on pimpin'
I ain't dead , I ain't done 
I ain't scared , I ain't run 
But still I stand 
No matter what pimpin' here I am
No matter what remember
I ain't break , I ain't fold 
They hate me more 
Yeah I know
Here I go
No matter what shorty, here I go
No matter what shorty
Even in solitude, there's still no hotter dude
I show you how to do, what you do, you ain't gotta clue
All you do is follow dudes
Sound like a lotta dudes
I'll weather whatever storm
Make it out without a bruise
I understand why, now when my hands tied
They take shots cause if I'm out there it's a landslide
But revenge is best served as a cold dish
And suckas will get served nigga, no shit
Guess it was understood, for me it was over with
But I don't quit, if you ain't noticed yet
They couldn't wait to say goodnight shorty
So they can try to rhyme, act and look like shorty
Go get a beat from Toomp, and make a hook like shorty
Before ya know it I'm back what it look like shorty
I lost my partner and my daughter in the same year
Somehow I rise above my problems and remain here
Yeah, and I hope the picture painted clear
If your heart fill with faith then you can't fear
Wonder how I face years and I'm still chillin'
Easy, let go and let God deal with it
I ain't dead , I ain't done 
I ain't scared , I ain't run 
But still I stand 
No matter what pimpin' here I am
No matter what remember
I ain't break , I ain't fold 
They hate me more 
Yeah I know
Here I go
No matter what shorty, here I go
No matter what shorty
Hey, hey
Hey what's happenin' e'erybody
I hope they get my good side
You know I gotta look good when I walk out the house
You know I know the camera's following
I know they taking pictures, right Drama
Ay man, you watch it I live it, you dig that? 
Y'all sit back relax get some popcorn man
I'm gonna make it a good show, you dig that
This goin' make a hell of a movie huh! 
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
I walk they follow 
I talk they holla 
Just here for your amusement
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
You waitin' for me to lose it
I guess I'm just here for your amusement
The price of fame I think I paid, want my change I done gave
E'erything in my possession for my seconds on the stage
For my name up in lights and multi-million record sales
I done gave up my life, can't get a moment to myself
When alone I ask myself, is it worth it? I ain't perfect
Neither is anybody else, but I think my kids deserve
To be with Daddy out in public without all the interruptions
When the lies and gossip's published I'm the topic of discussion
And I stay in trouble just to show these suckers I ain't lost it
And I'd do it all again that's the funny thing about it
I ain't playing, boy I'm'bout it
Will I change, boy I doubt it
I done been a lot of things, I ain't never been a coward
See the paparazzi crowded all around me now
Same niggas who was dissin' want a pound like I'm C now
Showered with support from my adoring fans
They hear T.I's arrested they're like here we go again
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
I walk they follow 
I talk they holla 
Just here for your amusement
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
You waitin' for me to lose it
I guess I'm just here for your amusement
You've seen it all before, guys know how the story goes
I's like 2Pac never died, sit back, enjoy the show
You see the shit that scares you senseless, I done lived through it
Knew the risks and the consequences and I still do it
And then I'm so fresh, them niggas mildew it
Not just a actor by profession, pimp, I live movies
That's why they whisper when they see me, point and stare at me
Cause they just wanna live through me vicariously
Fashion weekend, Paris week, party like a rockstar
Get blown by a top model'til she catch lockjaw
Got the dough you get a year, stashed in my sock drawer
Showed you the troubles and the struggles of an outlaw
Top dog would not fall, I am not y'all
Couple pages out the calendar and I'm out y'all
Kid listen, pay attention, you don't wanna be me
I's safer to watch it on T.V
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
I walk they follow 
I talk they holla 
Just here for your amusement
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
You waitin' for me to lose it
I guess I'm just here for your amusement
See I don't think it would even matter 
Woking a nine to  would it be better
I mean be honest, would you care to gossip about me
Not likely
I guess that's just the way that it goes 
 See I can be somewhere out keeping it cool
 Almost anything instead of the truth
Y'all know more than I do, it's breaking news to me too
Easy killer y'all know that ain't how I move 
He said and she said  I did what, with they 
No not me I said  she gave me no head 
Won't get me again  I pleaded the fifth 
I know better than to ever talk during the film...
I' and flashing lights can blind your eyesight
To when you can't see what's wrong from right
Well shorty'til you walk a mile in my shoes
And understand this is who I am
Usher I completely concur
Life can be such a blur, obviously we prefer
Our privacy but instead we endure
Yes sir, don't expect nothin' less of me
Cause this goin' probably be this way until the death of me
But for the hustle and the lady on my arm now
Plus all my kids and my mom's I'm a calm down
And yo, we doin' just fine, and the time's just flyin'
Live one headline at a time
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
I walk they follow 
I talk they holla 
Just here for your amusement
My life, your entertainment
You watch it while I live it 
You waitin' for me to lose it
I guess I'm just here for your amusement
Ay, Ay, Ay, Ay
Damn shawty, look at you
I'm saying man, is it just me
Or do you have too much ass in them jeans? 
Come here
Ay, I been watching you awhile now
And I just wanna find a way to make you smile now
Why you blushing? 
Forget about them other guys now
I know you ain't going try and tell me that you shy now
I realize that your beauty could intimidate
Them suckers you ain't got no business wit'em anyway
Wit such a pretty face, big booty, little waist line
I wanna grind from behind to the baseline
Have a great time, pour yourself a shot girl
Chase it with a lime, now you feeling like a hot girl
I know you probably use to dealing with them wannabes
But honestly I gotta say I'm who they wanna be
I promise all I wanna see is you up under me
And we can disappear whenever, when you wanna leave? 
I can guarantee the ride of your life
Any fantasies on your mind we can try'em tonight
We're sittin here
We're sippin on Patrãn, something's on my mind
I's been Killing me all night long and I wonder
Oh girl, I wonder
I's the end of the night
I thinkin your might, wanna leave the bar
Park the car, turn into porn star
Yes, I love to hear about your interest
I gotta say your intellect got me impressed
See your panties through your dress like a silhouette
Patrãn got me thinkin sex, is you feeling that? 
No disrespect though, a simple yes/no
Hey let yourself let go, shawty let's go
Pull up to the crib, get you through the threshold
Kiss you from your pretty lips to your red toes
Time tickin it's the end of the night
And you can leave wit your friend if you like
But I'm saying though
We can ride out, back to my house
I wanna see you satisfied inside out
Once I'm in you ain't gonna want me to slide out
You tell your girlfriends they gonna wanna try it out
A little more of this will loosen you up
What we can't do in the club, we can do in the truck
Hey would ya, stay? 
Could ya play wit it with your tongue just a little? 
You're such a sexy individual, physical and mental
And if you sentimental
Shouldn't the rules bend a little
Let me start at the top, stop in the middle
Use a popsicle make shiver, giggle when it tickle
I can talk to you dirty if you like that
I finish once, hit a blunt, start right back
I know you told me you a good girl
But shawty you a grown woman not a little girl
You can blame it on the Patrãn or the champagne
But sometimes being bad can be a good thing, ya now
Woo, Swizzy, need y'all to take y'all rags out man
And let it swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing, swing
 
Alright, alright, okay, okay, I don't dance, I don't dance, no way
I just take my Louis rag out and wave it'round in the air
Take my Gucci rag out and wave it'round in the air
New Akoo outfit with a Gucci rag
Tied to my belt loop and my Louis bag
Full of stacks, rubber bands, round big cash
Got a sick swag'til the haters get mad, come on
We in the club, Holmes, getting our thug on
Bottles of Patron, if you're grown, get your buzz on
We brought the broads out and brought the cars out
I'm like the moon, I shine and bring the stars out
When it's dark out, get the squad out
We ball hard, sucker nigga, eat your heart out
I'm too advanced, super swag in my Louis pants
Balling on my Louis silk shirt, match my Louis rag
 
 I say,'Whoa kimosabe', big balling is my hobby
I'm bopping while I'm walking, rag's falling out my pocket
If big money ain't the topic, homie, I ain't even talking
Hated on by the workers but I'm cool with all the bosses
Catch me flossin at the mall, talking to a broad
She follow me in Gucci and I taught her how to ball
Three pairs of shoes, four shirts, six rags
The chick said,'Dag, that's more than my bag'
Shorty, I can show you how to spend this bread real fast
Then get a group of chicks to give you head real fast
Silk scarf's hanging out of my jeans
No, homie, I ain't thinking, I'm just doing my thing! 
 
 I took some time off, and now I'm back y'all
You're in the line at the club, I'm in the back, dog
And when this song's on, ballers peel stacks off
And make it rain on them broads, watch them stacks fall
Let it sag with your pants, get your swag just right
Ride Bankhead, flare's flying out the Benz
Once a fool with it, we're gon' bring them out again
 
Ay, what's Haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and I'm watching
But I'm serious
Haters, so all I got to say is, 
What up
What's haapnin'
All you haters, can get at me
Cause I hear ya, and am watching
But I'm still here, I ain't stoppin'
So what up
What it is bruh, What it do mane
Still the man from Japan to the blue flame
Still hit the door and make it rain with the loose change
I bet that what he get a show, now that's a damn shame
I guess that what he hatin' fo', boy you so damn lame
Your click the same, a just a bunch of walkin' shit stains
Disgrace the A, you give the city such a bad name
You're way back in my rear view mirror, I'm in the fast lane
But still I hear ya loud and clear on your lil' song
Go on get your dissing on while the king gone
Your self-esteem gone, cause I'm back now
Let's see if we can teach these niggas how to act now
You're kissing ass then, you jumping bad now
I check your ass then, I shut your ass down
And I deliver front and center never back down
Who get the last laugh now sucka nigga
I got a front street swag and a side street hustle
Center Hill, Cedar Ave. that's where I be sucka
South Grand Church Street, the first with the work
But we can get into commercial, if you need some, chirp me
Hey, what I care'bout who you asking saying they ain't heard of me
I'm certified certainly your videos ain't hurting me
I still ride with the windows rolled down
All around the A-town
Like it's finna go down
If there was ever any questions niggas finna know now
Won't retire my throne, nor surrender no crown
I never bow down, and never say bye
Ms. 
To whom it may concern and whosoever may try
I'm forever west-side and the feather-weight guy
Tell'em take they best shot
Go'on, get yourself high
Cause I yelled 
Bankhead and you felt left out
I ain't mentioned your name, is that what all this'bout? 
From Summer Hill to the hills up in Hollywood
A house full, getting to it, you know how we do it
Yea we smoke great, and we drink good
Then we ball hard, just like G's should
Buy what we want, drive what we want
G4 up up and away, we go, we fly where we want
Haters smile like they like it when they really don't
Wish they could just wish me away that what they really want
I really hate his ass, 
I don't like him either
We'll do a song together maybe then we can beat him
Somehow he must be stopped, something must be done
If we can't knock him off, let's just try him when he get caught with guns
And if he really done, and we really won
Any more ideas,  suggestions anyone? 
How'bout we stay up all night, on the blog sites
Spread, vicious lies and nasty rumors we could all write
But that's all right, let the nerds hate
Cause in my face though, them words getin' ate
And hatin's hard work, when I just bounce back
This God work, tell all the haters I'm back! 
Real talk, true story 
No nuts, no glory 
Y'knowmsayin? 
Ay dawg 
I'mma tell you like this
Hey I'm so raw, and I'm so rich
And you so flawed niggas ain't'bout shit
I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch
Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get
Every chance I get, real talk, no shit
Every chance I get, make money on this
I'll take yo' broad, I can fuck yo' bitch
Know that I'm gon' ball every chance I get, every chance I get
They say it's lonely at the top, but I don't feel lonely
Got my homies out in Hollywood so I don't feel phony
Ain't another nigga colder, cribs all over
Flash-in-pan, these other rappers catch a number, Coca-Cola
I'm exceedin expectations, you barely meetin quota
I give it to'em straight, you cut it with baking soda
You said I ain't Zone One, nigga ha, that's a funny one
I'm King like my 3 year-old, Major like my youngest son
Got one named Domani, so you know what I'm gettin 
Deyjah and Neek-Neek and Messiah like 
Daddy, get'em
Got an angel named Leah here to keep me outta prison
And my partner Jason Geter to help me see about a billion
Listen; Grand Hustle, best respect this vision
My records sell about a million, but shit that just the beginnin
What with Club Crucial and Grand Hustle film division
Multiplication to get the paper, I let the clique do the division
Break bread, Street
Cred.com makin a killin
Plus 
A King of Oneself,  high fashion, I'm flashin
I'm, ready for whatever though, trained to go you better know
Put dick up in whoever ho, let'em know
I gotta thank my lucky stars cause it came so far
Dope game, rap game,'bout the same so far
Brag about your lil' Benz, nigga that ain't no car
I got some shit in my garage that requires a chauffeur
High as gas is, the country at war and people are starvin
And I pay a million dollars for Ferrari's, retarded, huh? 
Sorry bruh, Been addicted to ballin since I started up
See ten hoes, get'em all to fuck cause they know this dough stack tall as fuck
Nah, it ain't that I'm rich that they hate so much
Least I could do it, not rub it in niggas face so much
So I'm tryin now while I'm rhymin not to brag about the island
Or the crib in Hawaii where all the walls slide in
House is wide open, we could bring the outside in
I think you should hear about it, but fuck it I'll be quiet
I just spit it how I live it homie I don't be lyin
Would it make you feel better if I put my pockets on a diet? 
If I made less money, started to dress bummy
Would the haters and the critics have more respect for me? 
Should I downgrade the crib and the way I live? 
Now how about I don't and we just say I did, nigga
Ay say homeboy
I's real talk comin at you live and direct homeboy, you dig that? 
Heh, you could hate all you want partna
I'mma give you somethin to hate on, bitch nigga
Ha ha! Grand Hustle, you understand? 
DJ Toomp you did yo' muh'fuckin thang as usual
Ay-hey look, P$C partna, Pimp Squad Click
Ay, Big Kuntry you up next homie
I's the king, BITCH! 
Yeahhhhhh, they say I ain't Zone One, bitch nigga
My grandmama been livin on Center Hill 43 years, ho-ass nigga
You understand that? Nigga come meet me nigga
See me nigga! You know? 
Why niggas gotta wait'til a nigga got the police watchin you
And start kickin that fuck shit, you know? 
You know how I get down, you know what it was nigga
You know you don't wanna see me, bitch nigga! 
Yeahhhhhh, AY! 
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
Mr. West is in the buildin'
Swagger on a hundred thousand trillion
Ayo, I know I got it first
I'm Christopher Columbus, y'all just the Pilgrims
Thanksgiving, do we even got a question? 
Hermes, Pastelle, I pass the dressin'
My attitude is tattooed, that mean it's permanent
So I guess we should address it, huh? 
My swagger is Mick Jagger
Every time I breathe on a track, I asthma attack it
Why you so mad for? Why you gotta have it? 
‘Cause I slaved my whole life, now I'm the master
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
How it feel to wake up and be the shit and the urine
Naaaaa-na-naaaaa
Tryin' to get that Kobe number, one over Jordan
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
 Got a bop like this
Can't wear skinny jeans, ‘cause my knots don't fit
No one on the corner got a pocket like this
So I rock Roc jeans, ‘cause my knots so thick
You can learn how to dress just by checkin' my fresh
Checkin', checkin' my fresh; checkin', checkin' my fresh
Follow my steps is the road to success
Where the niggas know you're thorough when the girls say yes
 – but I can't teach you my swag
You can pay for school, but you can't buy class
School of hard knocks, I'm a grad
And that all-blue Yankee is my graduation cap
I's Hooooovaaaah
Dippin' different Rovers, whippin' with the soda
Hooooovaaaah
Did you even have any doubt? After Doubt it was over
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
No one on the corner has swagger like moi
Church, but I'm too clean for the choir
I require what I desire, I got stripes: Adidas
Mamis scream, ¡Papi, no más! 
Run up in your shit, just me, no más
Runnin' this shit like I got four thighs
No one has swagger like these four guys
Now when it comes to styles, I got several
Sharper than the swag or dagger all metal
And my jewels blue and yellow
The type of shit that make'em call you Carmelo
Rules as follows stay true to the ghetto
Write your name on the bullet, make you feel special
Ha! What the fuck you boys talkin''bout? 
I know it's us, ‘cause we the only thing to talk about
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
You can go see Weezy for the wordplay
Jeezy for the bird play
Kanyeezy for diversity, and me for controversy
All my verses picture perfect, only spit to serve a purpose
You ain't livin' what you kickin', then you worthless
Lookin' from the surface it may seem
Like I got reason to be nervous
Then observe my work to see that my adversity was worth it
Verses autobiographical, absolutely classical
Last thing I'm worried about is what another rapper do
Ain't nobody hot as me
Even if they rap they ass off, blast off, and have outstandin' quality
Sell a lot of records, I'll respect it and salute that
But spittin' real life on hot beats I'm the truth at
You kick it like me, no exaggeration necessary
Livin' revolutionary, nothin' less than legendary
Gangsta shit hereditary, got it from my dad
Flow colder than February, with extraordinary swag
No one on the corner has swagger like us
Swagger like us, swagger-swagger like us
When I think about all my time and all my struggle
Through all my grinding and all my troubles
Man I came up from nothing, all I had was a hustle
With a blindfold trying to find pieces to the puzzle no muzzle
I tell it like it is, that's that
Right or wrong I'mma call it like I see it don't forget
That impossible is nothing your environments irrelavant
Just don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence
Refuse to give up, your mistakes don't define you
They don't dictate where your headed they remind you
The Time keep ticking let your mind keep clicking
Never stop thinking be aware of your positions
Be aware of the collisions and the potholes sitting
On the road that you travel on your life long mission
Just listen every day is like a snapshot taken
If you live you can learn to be patient
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All the places that I go
And I the things that I know
Through all the highs and low
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All things that I've seen
And all the things that I've dreamed
You can't take away from me
Cuz life is like a slideshow
As I look back at a fly young cat
Who could rap with a dream look where I took that
Beginning on Bankhead then it spread out
Vision in my head all I had to was get it out
When I walked out of my house and looked at my street
All I seen was opportunity that led me to truency
I ain't really have a role model to infleunce me
Uncle Quinn in prison they say next it's going be you in it
As I juvenile caught cases so fluently
Look at my life and learn from it don't do it
If I only knew back then what I know now
How much better life would of been if I'da slowed down
Maybe I'da been Kanye instead of seeing Gunplay
But God got a plan, I'll understand one day
But one day of life, like a snapshot taken
Just believe you can make it have faith be patient
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All the places that I go
And I the things that I know
Through all the highs and low
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All things that I've seen
And all the things that I've dreamed
You can't take away from me
Cuz life is like a slideshow
Ohhhh, ohhh, ohhhhhh~! 
Looking back on my lifetime
See the slides go by, sometimes I wonder why
Looking back on where I've been
I remember when
Do you remember then
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All the places that I go
And I the things that I know
Through all the highs and low
Cuz life is like a slideshow
All things that I've seen
And all the things that I've dreamed
You can't take away from me
Cuz life is like a slideshow
Ay... say, pimp...
This to er'body stretched out behind the walls...
Countin' days on they calendar...
Flippin' pages month to month...
Ay, man, I'ont give a damn how other folks treat ya, man
I just wanna-- I wanna let ya know, pimp
Y'een missin' nothin', homeboy... real talk
I know the time seem long, just try and keep strong
Put on ya headphones and rewind this song
Remember you ain't missin' nothin', homes
I promise you ain't missin' nothin', homes
Hey, just know the club on hold and the broads on pause
You get home, it's gon' be waitin' on y'all
So dawg, just know fa real you ain't missin' nothin', homes
I promise you ain't missin' nothin', homes
On er'ythang
My uncle did a decade
Came home, hit the ground runnin' gettin' paid
Like he never did a day
Hit the streets niggas still in the same place they was
'Fore he went in the chain gang and doin' the same thing
Cuz the game go on, you only do two days in the joint
The day you get locked up and the day you go home
I know it feel like the world passin' you by
Like shit happenin' everyday out there that you'ont know bout
E'rytime you call home ya baby mama show out
And ya pat'nas don't even send you flicks from when they go out
But don't worry bout it or stress it cuz shawty, know what? 
The time do itself, all you gotta do is show up
Keep layin' down, wakin' up and thankin' the Lord
And'fo you know it they gon' open the doors, true story
Just prepare yourself for it, if you ain't got a plan
What you need with a second chance? Shit, you gon' blow it
Learn and visualize what you tryna do
And do the time, homeboy don't let the time do you
They say the time just flew in the streets
Hard to believe from in there but you'll see soon as you on the streets
Probably thinkin' easy for me to say from here in the booth
But they showed you, they'll put me in there with you
Right now locked down in the state of the feds, lay in the bed
Playin' this over and over as you say in ya head
Yeah... next time I'mma be straight
Just count down to my release date... piece of cake
My nigga Cap right now servin' a life sentence
For a murder he committed in his self-defense
And in such good spirits shawty ain't even trippin'
And I could be right in there with him, no bullshittin'
He on his ninth year now just waitin' to get out
Got me thinkin' my shit ain't even worth complainin' about
Cuz it can still be worse fa sho
So you waitin' on me to lose hope you got to kill me first
I talked to my nigga Big Meech
Had to tell him the streets miss him just as much as he miss the streets
Had to let him know whenever he released
We hittin' the club like'03, this time it's on me
Yeah we laugh, reminisce for a minute and then
I tell him just know ain't nobody ever did it as big
I'll never be the same in this city again
Closest you'll get is me and Jeezy and them
So dawg, if it seem like you left behind, ten steps behind
Just know it only get better with time, fa real
Ayy, let me kick it to you right quick, man
Not on some gangsta shit
Man, on some real shit
Anybody done been through the same thing
I'm sure you feel the same way
Big Phil, this for you, pimpin'
Ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey
Ever had one of them days wish you woulda stayed home
Run into a group of niggas who gettin' they hate on? 
You walk by, they get wrong; you reply, then shit get blown
Way outta proportion, way past discussion
Just you against them, pick one then rush him
Figure you get jumped, hell, that's nothin'
They don't wanna stop there, now they bustin'
Now you gushin', ambulance rushin'
You to the hospital with a bad concussion
Plus you hit four times, plus it hit yo' spine
Paralyzed waist down, now you're wheelchair bound
Nevermind that now, you lucky to be alive
Just think it all started you fussin' with three guys
Now your pride in the way, but your pride is the way
You could fuck around, get shot, die any day
Niggas die everyday, all over bullshit
Dope money, dice game, ordinary hood shit
Could this be ‘cause of hip hop music? 
Or did the ones with the good sense not use it? 
Usually niggas don't know what to do when
Their back against the wall, so they just start shootin'
For red or for blue or for blow, I guess
From Bankhead at the old projects
No more stress, now I'm straight
Now I get it, now I take
Time to think before I make
Mistakes just for my family's sake
That part of me left yesterday
The heart of me is strong today
No regrets, I'm blessed to say
The old me dead and gone away
Ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey
I ain't never been scared, I lived through tragic
Situation coulda been dead lookin' back at it
Most of that shit didn't even have to happen
But you don't think about it when you out there trappin'
In apartments, hangin', smokin' and rappin'
Niggas start shit, next thing you know we cappin'
Get locked up, then didn't even get mad
Now think about, damn, what a life I had! 
Most of that shit, look back, just laugh
Some shit, still look back, get sad
Maybe my homeboy still be around
Had I not hit the nigga in the mouth that time
I won that fight, I lost that war
I can still see my nigga walkin' out that door
Who'da thought I'd never see Philant no more? 
Got enough dead homies, I don't want no more
Cost a nigga his jaw, cost me more
I'da took that ass-whoopin' now for sure
Now think before I risk my life
Take them chances to get my stripe
A nigga put his hands on me, alright
Otherwise, stand there, talk shit all night
‘Cause I hit you, you sue me
I shoot you, get locked up, who? Me? 
No more stress, now I'm straight
Now I get it, now I take
Time to think before I make
Mistakes just for my family's sake
That part of me left yesterday
The heart of me is strong today
No regrets, I'm blessed to say
The old me dead and gone away
Ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
I turn my head to the East
I don't see nobody by my side
I turn my head to the West
Still nobody in sight
So I turn my head to the North
Swallow that pill that they call pride
That old me is dead and gone
But that new me will be alright
Ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone
And ohh, I've been travelin' on this road too long 
Just tryin' to find my way back home 
The old me is dead and gone, dead and gone, hey* i
Tunes bonus track on the 
Deluxe Edition
Ay...
I know it been a minute since I had a lil' one-on-one witcha..
Heh, or should I say one-on-one-million? 
But..I just gotta say man
Through the lil' period in my life, man
I really see how fucked up some of you suckas is, man..
Remember, I don't really need shit! 
I's the thought that counts..
On top of the world when I'm standin tall
But if I ever ever had to take a fall
Will you accept my collect call? 
Will you accept my collect call? 
Cause everybody loves you when you balllllin
But don't nobody want you when you falllllin, 
Will you accept my collect call? 
Will you accept my collect call? 
I think I'mma forget this shit homie
Huh? Hah
Don't holla at me in the club, nigga fuck you! 
Real talk, nigga..Tell the truth, shawty..
Be f'real
I was told way back in the day when I was trappin
Nevermind what niggas say, judge'em all on they actions
I's hard to imagine when you travelin
Havin fun gettin paper catch a case and see how niggas act then
Out the cell, partna been five, he rattin on me
Got a little Benja' pension, now they turn they back on me 
Shiiit, cause out of sight is out of mind
Better put your trust in God, homie man'll let you down err'ytime
 And I'm speakin from experience, serious
Imagine my suprise hearin from the inside
Err'ybody talkin bout me like the nigga just died
Tip gone twenty years at the least, bet five 
Man niggas just lie for suspicion of extension 
Not to mention the rumors of me committin suicide 
God will open your eyes and show you who really witcha
But keep it in the back of your mind when it's over how niggas did ya
I ain't never asked a nigga to do shit for me
I wouldn't do in return, but guess you live and you learn
Don't expect my well bein to be a nigga concern
Cause I know that ain't the way the world turn
Cause err'body love to see a nigga assed out
Rather see ya lose it all than to see you cash out
They gossip like bitches, I don't e'en ask how
Cause niggas ain't shit, I believe that now
And it even matter how much you do for people
They'll love to see ya beat down livin in the gutta - what a
Shame at the least in the game when you see
They want you locked up more than the police
The sucka can't wait to get a nigga off the street
They hate to see me sittin on butter soft seats 
Dog peep, bet to you don't e'en make sense
But that mentality EXACTLY why you'll never be rich - hater! 
I remain a stand up guy no matter what I
Stood tall, chest out, head up high
Wit my back against the wall, layin it all on the line
Wit God on my side I perform e'rytime
 Similar to a miracle, just short of amazin
Survived shit that would've drove most niggas crazy
Rose to the occasion, whatever situation
Suprised haters and came out guns a-blazin
Theoretically speakin, but you rather be thinkin
I'll fold cause you would if you were me, I know
All I got is the family, friends come and go
And with that understandin, I put none befo'
My folk, y'know enough to do the same I hope
If not...Shit, ya ass'll find out
When you on top e'rybody wanna ball wit ya
But when ya not you wouldn't even know who to call, would ya? 
I know you miss me, I know you miss me..
They say the city ain't the same and the nightlife died
Since T.I's inside, like the streets been quiet
Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know
The say the thugs ain't ballin and the dubs ain't fallin
Like the club been sorry, but I'm back now shawty, ay
Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know
Yeah, y'know I do it for the city and err'body that's in it
The generals and lieutenants salute how I represent it
Since I've been sittin' a minute, know err'body be missin me
Walkin off in the club, gettin err'body attention
When I'm out, record was spinnin, they start it from the beginning
Get bottles of Cris' n' Remy and pass it out to the women
Pull out a stack of twenty, throw it up to the ceilin
Watch it fall to the flo', start throwin some mo'
Ask anybody you know, wherever party you go
With me in the V.I.P., know that shit was outta control
If I pull up in a Mercedes, or hoppin out of the Rouge
Continue hatin but hey, I'm the flyest guy that you know
Ay East Coast, West Coast, Midwest, South
I keep a fire marshal at the do' stressed out
Line stretched around the corner, shut the whole event down
Been a minute in the city since it really went down, ain't it? 
I'm gettin calls err'y evening, sayin the streets need me
I'm at it just as soon as I'm able pimpin believe me
Niggas talkin greasy but they don't wanna see me
They know where to find me, soon as they release me
Remember me and Jeezy, at least once a week we
Hit the strip club, show these niggas how to treat figures
Hey, one stack, two stacks, three stacks, fo'
Nigga, five stacks, gon' tell'em bring ten mo'
And Lamborghinis' and Apollos', they see me they screamin holla
The robbers follow the ballers, so {? } in my products
Still ain't nobody hotter, I put that on my daughter
Long as I been sittin still, niggas still ain't caught up
Atlanta you know I run it, err'body astonished
'Ey gotta stay in their houses like err'ybody were punished
Tell'em they can quit frontin and them suckas sit down
Let'em know the king comin and he shut this shit down, homie
And err'y time I take the city back
And wear my crown, nigga give me dat - dat, dat
Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know
I did my thang, stack my millis
Now it time for me to bring back my city, ay
Ay, I know you miss me, I know you miss me - I know, I know
Epiphany
E-P-I-P-H-A-N-Y
Definition 1: the manifestation of a supernatural being
Definition 2: a sudden moment of insight or revelation
Marinate on the though
Tallahassee love
They thought I left, man
Yeah, T equals P-A-I-N, let's go man
T-Pain, man, I'm back in this thang
You already know what it is
Hey, Tallahassee got my back, though
This how it went, aye
I used to hit the stage with my J's on
40 brought me to the West Coast
Now it's khaki suits with my shades on
I'm on the same shit, game on
But on Sundays I'm like Diddy - grown man with one chain on
When I come back, niggas see my growth
They see my momma's two cars and both of my daddy boats
They see the Sean John coats tag
They see my wife hoppin' out the Lamborghini with the Coach bag
I'm gettin' paid for nuttin'
Sittin' back, drinkin' lemonade, chillin' in the shade; I'm stuntin'
Makin' hits when I graze the button
Go ahead and put them two baby seats in my Escalade
I's nothin', I'm gettin' money
Learned from the past and the future
Learned not to never stab a nigga that'll shoot ya
Even though my pockets gettin' fatter
I'm still gettin' Tallahassee love, and that's all that matters
J-Lyriq get'em
I've been there, and I've been back
But somethin' here, always brings me back
So when I'm here, I get that 
If you love me, then I love you
My people love it, when I come through
So when I do, I get that 
It shouldn't have to be like this man
I don't know how I did it either, , man
I know you haters hatin' this right here, boy
Second time around, let's go, man!
Ladies and gentlemen! 
You already know what it is
Okay, yeah
Aw, shit! 
I'm cuttin' a rug in this motherfucker
I'm tryin to anyways
Got two hard lookin' motherfuckers
C'mon
Yeah, God damn
You thank you cool, you thank I'm not, you think you tough
God damn;
You thank you hard, you thank I'm soft, you think you rough
God damn;
You talkin shit, better close your lips, you need to hush
Befo' the end of the night, I'm gon' have to take yo' ass to church
It was.. Sunday at the park
I'm chillin, tryin to get my swerve on
Some little lame tryin' to run that game, tryin' to get his serve on
Now I done turned into a rude dude, man
Why you gotta fuck up the park? 
Imma put you in the dark, clap on clap off
You ain't doin' nothin', but runnin' your piehole
You gon' make me do somethin' that'll get eye swole
Now I don't want to be a rude dude, man
Why you gotta fuck up the park? 
Imma put you in the dark, clap on clap off
If that's yo' car you need to go ahead and get into it
Better not talk that shit you gon' make me put somethin' to it
Now I done turned into a rude dude, man
Why you gotta fuck up the park? 
Imma put you in the dark, lights on lights off
Yeah, God damn
You thank you cool, you thank I'm not, you think you tough
God damn;
You thank you hard, you thank I'm soft, you think you rough
God damn;
You talkin shit, better close your lips, you need to hush
Befo' the end of the night, I'm gon' have to take yo' ass to church
Those niggas think they hard, so why they think I'm not? 
Until I pull they card and I show'em what I got kinda like
Them bitches think they hard, so why they think I'm not? 
Until I pull they card and I show'em what I got kinda like
Yeah, God damn
You thank you cool, you thank I'm not, you think you tough
God damn;
You thank you hard, you thank I'm soft, you think you rough
God damn;
You talkin shit, better close your lips, you need to hush
Befo' the end of the night, I'm gon' have to take yo' ass to church
Take a sip of this, drink that, now don't it feel good baby? 
Take a hit of this, take that, now don't it feel good baby? 
Take a sip of this, drink that, I'mma put you on my hood baby
Take a sip of this, drink that..
Hey girl 
How you doin? 
Can I get a minute of your time to spit a line or two? 
I know you ain't feelin me
I promise that you take a sip of this you gon' be right here hearin me
You givin me 
And I'm feelin like, you feelin like 
And I'm here to get'cha rythym right
And I see, it in your eyes baby 
I know I took you by suprise baby 
This what you do 
Now baby girl I ain't tryin to get you drunk
I'm just tryin to get you 
And I know that you wouldn't do what you do
Unless you get 
In order for me to get you home in the back of my Brougham
I need you 
And I know that you wouldn't be the freak that you are
Unless you're 
Hey girl 
Tell me what's crackin
I see you watchin wonderin if I'mma come and talk to you
I need for you to listen to me closely
Girl me and you got a chemistry so let's just keep it movin
You givin me 
And I'm feelin like 
And I'm here to change your perspective baby 
And I see, it in your eyes baby 
I know I took you by suprise baby 
Yeah, this what you do 
Now baby girl I ain't tryin to get you drunk
I'm just tryin to get you 
And I know that you wouldn't do what you do
Unless you get 
In order for me to get you home in the back of my Brougham
I need you 
And I know that you wouldn't be the freak that you are
Unless you're 
Take a sip of this, drink that, now don't it feel good baby? 
Take a hit of this, take that, now don't it feel good baby? 
Take a sip of this, drink that, I'mma put you on my hood baby
Oh fo sho'
Ay, Jaylil
Who that, who that, who that girl is over there? 
Damn, though, she can't be a ho
I don't believe it! 
Fuck that, I'm'bout to go talk to her
Oooooo
WEEEEeeeee~! 
That's right
Back at it mayne, okay
T-Pain, ay, ay, ay, HEY! 
Man I got a thing for a girl that I don't even know
E'rybody in the hood say she's a ho
But I don't think so, I'mma tell you anyway
I can turn a ho into a housewife any day
It can even go the other way around
That's because of the pimpin from Teddy Penderazdoun
Okay here come the manipulation
I ain't tryin to please her with my money precipitation
Aviatic watch and the Aviatic piece
Yellow bracelet and the King Johnny teeth
I can be like: 
Hey miss lady! I got a black and grey Mercedes
I got a Cadillac car and a Cadillac truck
Man, but I got a feelin' she really don't give a fuck
I want to get to know her
And if I give her the keys to my crib
I'mma sit her down and show her she can
Lay down and let me lay wit'chu
If you stay around then Imma stay wit'chu
Ain't no way I'm leavin girl, let's talk about it
Imma gonna show you how to love somebody
She a cool, super duper down-ass bitch
If she was a cup of liquor I would down that bitch
Like  Nappy Boy Queen
God damn, I done crowned that bitch
Two weeks, and we done fell into it
And ain't nobody have to tell her to do it
I'm askin the questions about befo' me
I had to make sure I knew she wasn't a ho
She just lookin fo' a nigga that can treat her like Pain
Take her to the movies, buy her brand new thangs
But niggas treat her like: OH SKEET SKRRRR! 
Never heard of'em
Ripping up a phone number
Never heard a word from'em
But she ain't got to worry about them niggas
Live life shawty you can do without them niggas
Ay, but what can I say? Tell them kiss yo' ass
Cause at the end of the day you got a place to
Lay down and let me lay wit'chu
If you stay around then Imma stay wit'chu
Ain't no way I'm leavin' girl, let's talk about it
Imma gonna show you how to love somebody
Don't listen to them, they just jealous of you and me
I care less'bout what you did, that ain't got nothin' to do with me
I'm in love, you are too, so let's do what we do
And baby girl Imma show you how to love somebody
Lay down and let me lay wit'chu
If you stay around then Imma stay wit'chu
Ain't no way I'm leavin' girl, let's talk about it
Imma gonna show you how to love somebody
I'm Sprung. Now she got me...
Hello? 
Hey baby
Hey boo. How you doin'? 
I'm alright. How you doin'? 
I'm straight. Everything alright? 
Uhmm...I guess
What you mean you guess? 
Hmm...nothin' just nothin'
Why are you sayin' nothin' when I know there's something? 
Uhmm...I Uhmm...went to the doctor today
Okay...everything alright? 
Uhmm...hmm... not really
You pregnant? 
No
*Laughs* What's it everything is great then? 
No, not really Uhmm...
Okay...
I was told that uhm...I have HIV
You was told what? 
I have HIV
So you mean...you got something'like' HIV? 
No...uhm...I have HIV
You mean to tell me that you have the HIV virus? 
Well...
Well? 
I's just uhmm...HIV right now
I's just HIV...
I could uhm... eventually...
You could eventually...
I'm have AIDS
So you got something that could kill me? 
It kill us both...
I mean what was you thinkin'? 
What was I thinkin'? 
Yeah what was you thinkin'? 
I...*laughs* I don't know
&...
It was both of us
& this is funny to you because...? 
Uhm...No...but you know I'm just...then it was just, you know...
*laughs*
Both of us
Tsss...you know what? I mean we just gotta do what we gotta do
You know what...? I love you...& we just gon' make it work
I love you too boo...
The world keeps spinnin', with or without me
And I know, that's hard to believe
And now I'm in a box, with nothin' around me
Cause I found, a girl that'll get on her knees at ease
And all the while, I'm knowin' that my homies will clown me
Cause I fucked her - and didn't have a rubber on me
It seems I had to find out the hard way
That the girl, that I found, in the crowd, she had H-I-V
And now she next to me like
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la la, la-la-la
One, two, three, four, five, six million ways
To leave, this whole wide world, so cold
Stuck on my ass, I been drinkin' for days
And I got the nerve to put that Bonneville on the road
Got that thang on me, and a couple kilos
A bag of ecstasy, and a pound of that dro
But I guess, I had to find out the hard way
Cause I done came, to the End of the Road
And now I'm in the mirror like
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la 
La-la-la, la-la, la, la la, la-la-la
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la
La-la-la, la-la, la, la-la-la, la-la, la
La-la-la, la-la, la, la lah, la-la-la...
Yeah, uh-huh
Yeah, yeah
Broke up with my girl last night so I went to the club
Put on a fresh white suit and the mini coupe sittin on dubs
I'm just lookin for somebody to talk to and show me some love
If you know what I mean... uh-huh
E'rybody jockin as soon as I stepped in the spot
Two hundred bitches and I'm bettin ain't none of them hot
Except for this pretty young thing that was workin all the way at the top
Shawty what is your name? 
Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk'em, got drunk
And then I think, she thinks I'm cool
She gave me a wink, I winked back, and then I think that
We hit it off somethin proper like
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar, with her 
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar with her 
Got a brand new girl so I'm feelin all good inside
Feel like I put some brand new 24's on a brand new ride
Triple shot of Patron on the rocks with a lil' bit of lime
I'm just keepin it real... uh-huh
Baby still workin at the club so I'm gettin in free
Wednesday night I'm on the list T-Pain plus three
E'ry time I hit the spot babygirl taking care of me
How do you think I feel? 
Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk'em, got drunk
And then I think, she thinks I'm cool
She gave me a wink, I winked back, and then I think that
We gon' have fun at my spot tonight
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar, with her 
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar with her 
Shorty I'm sure you heard that I rarely ever come out
Unless I'm in the M6 doin tricks freeway burnt out
Got a passenger side that's empty wantin it to be yo' spot
Put you on my Billboard we can act like the charts I can end up on top
Don't smoke, don't drink, that's why I don't be by the bar baby
Just lookin at you from a distance, lookin like a God damn star baby
So my girl don't see me T-Pain, can I get those keys to the car? 
'Bout to go and bang bang boogie with my cutie and I'll see you tomorr'
Oh she made us drinks, to drink; we drunk'em, got drunk
And now I know, she thinks I'm cool
She gave me a wink, I winked back 
And then I think that  we gon' have fun at my spot tonight
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar, with her 
I like the bartender 
I'm at the bar with her 
OHHH! OHHH! 
I'm about to pull over, and give you the business
Holla at me  can I get a witness? 
Now here we go - hmm, hmm, hmm
Here we go - hmm, hmm, hmm
Baby~! I've been waitin for you to come home
Cause I done cleared off the backseat
Cleaned the top, and put some new 24's on the Brougham
Lately~! I've been waitin to try something new
Cause we done did every last one of yo' fantasies
But we ain't did nothin I wanna do
Cause we done did in in the elevator 
Now it's time to do it my way 
And pullin your hair, won't even compare
To what I'm'bout to do to you on this highway
I'm talkin'bout that backseat action 
Out in the middle of the traffic 
'Bout to pull over, and give you the business
Holla at me  can I get a witness? Now here we go
Here we go, back and forth 
Break it down, or take it slow 
Take control, make it last 
Break it down, now here we go 
Shawty~! you can call me whenever you need
Workin in the Excursion, kissin in the Expedition like yes indeed! 
Baby~! I's all gravy - it's all good
Cause we gon' need to open up the back do' and let your legs out
Or I'mma put you right on the hood
I've been down like an elevator 
I know you like to do it my way 
And pullin your hair, won't even compare
To what I'm'bout to do to you on this highway
Face down, ass up - that's the way I like it rough
Cloud it up, back it up - driver's seat to the passenger
Back to the back, all in the act - smack, smack, smack, smack
Shinin like that that good old kid, hands on the window foot on the wheel
Face in the seat, wait for the beat, rockin'n rockin'n makin it squeak
Stop, stop, stop, stop - what'chu gon' do? Somebody might see
So make it fast, take it slow
Break it down and make it roll
Take control, make it swoll
Now one mo' time cause here we go
Ayy... whassup girl? 
What took you so long to get over here? 
Tchk, stop playin, hehehe... who? 
Don't worry about if I carry'em around
If I didn't have one you would be mad
Don't worry about that I got that, ehehe
T-Pain! Ay
Baby give me a reason so I can touch it how I want to
And make love to you how them other lame niggas want to
Go on girl what you gon' do
On my nappy head you can pull with my nappy dreads if you want to
Shawty I'mma put it on you
And make you thank that you the girl that I be sangin all my songs to
You got me thankin that me and you into drankin
Into sippin that Patron that woulda been done got it on boo
But for now we could just sit, and chill
You never had love makin like this, for real
Come on baby it's just, appeal
Now take it down slow, let me take it down low, let's go 
So you know it's about to go down now
Speed it up baby can't slow down now
Tell ya closet freak she can come out now
Why you think they call me Teddy Penderazdoun? 
And now I know.. you didn't expect me to go low
Now you know 
From the top to bottom, and now that I got you
I'mma stick stick stick stick, ooh
I'mma stick stick stick stick, ooh
Now I know... you didn't expect me to just
Turn you'round, spread it out, and put it down
From the top to the bottom, and now that I got you
I'mma stick stick stick stick, ooh
I'mma stick stick stick stick, ooh
You got a nigga on swoll like a T-Pain show in Tallahassee
Never put that ass on hold I'm too nasty
Don't never underestimated T-Pain
You shoulda known when I was bitin on your belly button chain
That you'bout to receive some of that guitar tongue
Tryin to tell me like you don't want none
Tryin to sit up in the bed tryin to act all calm
Actin like it ain't good tryin to hold that cum
But you know that I'm the best, you know you Teddy Verset'
This the first ten minutes, you ain't feel shit yet
I got the whips, I got the chain, I got the handcuffs too
But ain't none of that for me, I'm'bout to handcuff you
That's the freaky shit I keep on skeetin shit that leave you leakin shit
That take her ass back to the church preacher and deacon shit
I'm beatin it, let's try +Computer Love+, I keep deletin it
I'm fuckin on the dresser, the bedroom floor, and the sheets and shit
What'chu doin? Take your pants off
Not that fast, do it slower
You gon', you gon' kill the, ruin the mood
Move your hand, lemme see
Baby girl whydon'tcha let a, nigga slide in them guts
My little man wanna hide them guts
I'mma take my {*tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick*}
Time with them guts
And baby girl when I'm in them guts
You ain't got to worry'bout yo' man cause
I bet he can't do it like me 
Bet he can't do it like me 
 - 2/3X
Ya, yeaah, ay-yeah
Tebunan {*echoes*}
Pedalophagus {*echoes*}
From the planet Telegusa, ya
Illudium Pew-36 explosive space modulator
Goin on a trip, I'll be back home, boy I'll see you later
Goin back to a time when I know everything was straighter
And everything's great now but back then it was greater
And I don't need no clothes I go in just what I'm wearin
Matter fact I just go back to what I used to wear then
No matter how bad the weather, everything back then was just so better
I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine
Back back back back back back back back in time
I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine
Yeah, goin back to a time when this music shit was more than business
Back to a time when I knew my niggas was down and if they still is
And I didn't have to worry'bout what I got on when I go outsizzide
And I didn't have to worry'bout what kind of car I got when I rizzide
And I didn't have to have 22's, 24's or 26's
And I didn't have to be forever surrounded by a million bitches
No matter how bad my life was, I still got love no matter how mad my wife was
I can dream, it's a simple thing; I'm buildin a time machine
Back back back back back back back back in time
Simple thing
Back back back back back back back back in time
I's a simple thing; buildin a time machine Some people like thighs {ayy-yeah}
 Some people like backs {yeahhh}
 Some people like booty {ayy-yeah}
 Ain't nothin wrong with that {yeahhh}
 Ain't nothin mo' groovy
 Then when that stomach movig yeah
I's the reason that I'm singin this song
Because I ain't got nothin else to bust a nut on
{Ohhh-hoo-ohhh-ho-hoooo} Whoa whoa whoa whoa-ohhh
Yeah! 
Tight in the front, fat in the back, that's the way I like it
My fire's ignited, I love it when she ride it ride it
Cause I can see the part of her that I love the most
I know they're feelin me from coast to coast
Cause I like that tank top... that cut off shirt
Man I like everythang, that show that belly rang 
Them crunches just got me punchin the wall
And the pilates got that body lookin good in them boy-short drawers
But that stomach, yeah  and you don't know
Shorty got that six-pack, fo'-pack you already know that
I'm in love with yo' stomach
Lay on your back you already know that
I'm in love with yo' stomach
Six-pack, fo'-pack you already know that
I'm in love with yo' stomach
I's the reason that I'm singin this song
Cause nothin else turns me on like yo' stomach
Whoa whoa whoa whoa-ohhh
Oooh I like the way it move when she do only when she dances
Got your boy thinkin'bout gettin in them pants
Feelin like y'all bought some brand new J's
She make me wanna throw some D's on her - okay~! 
Mman I like that tank top, but I'm about to take it offff
I should be payin money, I'm a have her walkin funny
Them crunches just got me punchin the wall
And the pilates got that body lookin good in the mall short drawers
But that stomach, yeah  no, no, no! 
Gal! Tay Dizm, I got it, Tay Dizm
I got a bad little roni and you already know
And I'm addicted to the way that she make her stomach roll
5'6 and she thick and lil' momma lovin this dick
And all the sex and the love that we makin it be the shhhh
She got me on that sprung, and she not on that dumb
One that I'm seriously thankin of settlin down with
But could it be my mind playing tricks on me, she got me excited
The way that she move her stomach put my mind back in Hawaii
I never been a freaky type, but yo' stomach's lookin right
Ay gal, ay gal, ay ay! 
Shawty snap, yeah 
Damn, shawty snap, shawty 
Yeah, snap yo fingers, do yo step
You can do it all by yourself
Baby girl, what's your name? 
Let me talk to you, let me buy you a drink
I'm T-Pain, you know me
Konvict Muzic, Nappy Boy, ooh wee
I know the club close at 3
What's the chance of you rolling wit me? 
Back to the crib, show you how I live
Lets get drunk forget what we did
I'ma buy you a drank
Then I'ma take you home with me
I got money in the bank, shawty, what you think bout that? 
I'll be in the grey Cadillac
We in the bed like 
We in the bed like 
Talk to me, I talk back
Let's talk money, I talk that
Crunk juice bombs, Oakley shades
Shawty got class, oh behave
Let's get gone, walk it out 
Just like that, that's what I'm talkin''bout
We gone have fun, you gon' see
On that patron you should get like me
I'ma buy you a drank
Then I'ma take you home with me
I got money in the bank, shawty, what you think bout that? 
I'll be in the grey Cadillac
We in the bed like 
We in the bed like 
Won't you meet me at the bar, respect big pimping
Tell me how you feel, mama tell me what you sipping
A certified dime piece, deserve Louis 13
150 a shot, 3 for you and 3 for me
I'm checking your body language, I love the conversation
And when you lick your lips I get a tingling sensation
Now were both bout tipsy, you say you in the mood
All I need is bout a hour, better yet maybe two
Let me take you where I live, Ferrari switch gears
When I whisper in your ear, your legs hit the chandelier
Passion fruit and sex, all in the atmosphere
I'ma let T-Pain sing it so he can make it clear
I'ma buy you a drank
Then I'ma take you home with me
I got money in the bank, shawty, what you think bout that? 
I'll be in the grey Cadillac
We in the bed like 
We in the bed like 
Let's get gone, walk it out
Now rock, rock, rock, rock
You can do it all by yourself
Let's get gone, walk it out
Now rock, rock, rock, rock
You can do it all by yourself
I'ma buy you a drank
Then I'ma take you home with me
I got money in the bank, shawty, what you think bout that? 
I'll be in the grey Cadillac
We in the bed like 
We in the bed like 
In the back of my'Lac and with the suicide doors
Ehh, uh-huh, hahaha
T-Pain, J-Lyriq, Nappy Boy
Hit me on my hotline, I am so lonely now
So as I.. ohhh, lowwww
Baby that is alright with me
YEAH! 
In the back of my Lan-coln with the suicide doors
Baby that is alright with me
I know you waitin fo' daddy it won't be long shawty
Be patient cause I'm flyin to you
Ridin dirty down Orange Avenue
Maybe I'm comin after you to do a 69 with you
Baby girl - I've been doin tongue exercises
And girl - I'm thinkin'bout that booty and them thighs
And them curls - you know that I love your brown hair
I got you up here, you just handle me shawty
Baby, let's do a 69 in the back of my Lincoln with the suicide doors
Sayin' time for a 69, baby that is alright with me
Baby let's do a 69 
Hit me on my hotline, while I'mma slob on the 9
So that's a soft, 69, baby that is alright with me
I know you want it baby, I'm sorry to keep you waitin
Don't worry I'mma do what I do
Got me zoomin all in this rain, tryin to find where you stay
To put this 69 on you
Girl I got plans, to use my hands, and I ain't playin wit'chu
I'mma give it to you straight rub from front to back shawty side to side
Go down on me baby then show me how you ride
When she was suckin on me, well I was lickin on her
I got so into it, I spreaded that booty so wide
I can tell that she was with it by the look in her eyes
When I was kissin on her, and she was suckin on me
I just wanted to get into it, cause shawty got so into it
I'm glad that she do it for free 
 - repeat 2X
 Yeah yeah yeah Girl I Can't Believe You Got Me Comin' Out Here On A Reggae Night
 Girl You Need To Get Out The House
 Shit, I Hope You Got Yo' Purse. You Got Yo' Knife? 
 Hell Yeah These Jamaicans Crazy... How Much It Is To Get In? 
: All Yeah I's Gonna Be Uh 10 For Uh Genaral Addmission 20 For VIP
 Goddamn! 
 That's How I's Got To Be Ladies
 Goddamn That's Alot Of Money To Get Up In Here
 $20 For What...? Girl Let's Go To The Bar
 Goddamn Nigga Say Excuse Me
 Girl You See That Girl Hair? 
 Girl No. Did You See The Girl Shoes? 
 That Shit Ain't Fuck No. These Rude Ass Niggas
 Girl They Ain't Bout Shit Though. Excuse Me Can I Get A Drank? 
 Girl No You See Her Dress You See How She Spilt Her Drank On Me
Let's Go To The Bathroom After This Cause I Got To Wipe This Shit Off
 Excuse Me Can I Get A Drank? Excuse Me? 
 Oh Shit T-Pain In The Fuckin' Buildin'
 Man Fuck T-Pain That Nigga Ain't Shit
 Ok T-Pain Who The Fuck Is T-Pain? 
Arcadestreetooh T-Pain That Is The North Flordia Shit
 I Just Sayin Fuck T-Pain My Man Got T-Pain Money
 Man Yo Man Ain't Got Shit On Jive I'll Kick Ya'll Ass
Wah-RAH! ! T-Pain, ya boy Cham
Wah-RAH! ! Blaze it up unda
Cham ya hear me? Fire, fire, RAH! ! 
Fire, fire..
Yo, yo, yo
Number one shotta
Bad man make the girls shake like maracas
M-16 bust and take your whole top off
Real deal'ear me now don't fuck with the knockoff
Push it to the limit I receive in the dropoff
Ah-ha, no
Pop it off for the 8-5... oh
More fire! Let the flow the stick... blow
{? } Realla-dealla-gonna-trinity-gilla-woyyyyyyyy {? }
They just don't bother me noooo
As I pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
Uh-oh-uh-oh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh, uh-oh-oh
Uh-oh-oh, uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh-uh-oh
Me say JUMP! Me say STOP! 
Pop! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! 
Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! Rrrah! 
Pop it off for the 8-5-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
Bad boy Kardinal, leader of de session
Black GS pop it if we need an intervention
Murder all these likkle soundbwoys in succession
Niggas ain't eatin; it's a Konvict procession
Gettin paid to shut down the show is my profession
Fuck keepin it easy I am not about aggression
Approach if you want but use your discretion
When I crush rappers careers they get left inna depression
You betta stand clear when the mic's in my possession
And I bust every year cause that's my obsession
I's all T, Don T-Pain, Kardinal expression
Black J's fire like a black Smith & Wesson
Ya dead mon! 
Bust it in the ear, make dem'ear pom pom! 
Policeman dem here, we no kyare, pom pom! 
Pop it off and bust it over here pom pom! 
Let them'ear pom pom! Let them'ear pom pom! Rrahh! 
You see me comin man, better get runnin man
Cause when you see me, you gon see me with my gun in hand
Don't be a dummy man, we makin money man
Boy we keep it GULLY, GULLY, GULLY
Tell dem fools dem need to just shut up
Row-knee or Informer boys get beat up
Keep on chantin and we KICK your two nut up
Find you inna PIECES your whole body cut up
Yo king shut up, scared bwoy this how get done up
Tough to argue, know dis lift your son up
Forty-five caliber will make your skin burn up
Make your skin burn up, make your skin burn up
Okay
Oooh-oo-oo-oo-oooh
Yeah...
Yeah, yeah...
Oooh-oo-oo-oo-oooh
Yeah....
Baby 
I got something that I need to say 
Before the rumors spread and make their way 
I thought I'd be a man and tell you first
But I know it's going to hurt
Baby please let me explain 
It happened all the sudden out of control 
She had my heart and would not let it go 
I'm not tryin to say that it was okay
Or that I didn't do it
But I gotta tell the truth 
With my right hand up
 I's time to man up
 Baby believe me when I say
You don't wanna find out the hard way
Baby  would've never seen her walkin down the block
I probably would have not, pulled over and asked her
If she needed 
But I noticed she had makeup on her eyes
Then she started to cry
I said baby, please explain 
She said her man put his hands on her
He was outta control 
And she really needed someone to hold and not let go
And then she looked into my eyes just like you do
Then I imagined she was you
Baby now I wish that I, was a magician and I
Could make all of this disappear
And baby I wish that I, could go back in time
And trust me baby, we wouldn't be here 
But you've been so good to me, how could I do this to you? 
And I never meant to hurt you, how can I prove it to you? 
I'm just tryin to say what's been on my mind
Cause it hurts you
I wanna dedicate this to my strugglin' bro
Keep pushin' on, keep pushin' on
First of the month, check late
Got nothin' to do
Imma roll me a blunt, got drank
Call me a ho or two 
Now I know that it sound like I'm livin' on the edge
Only you ain't hear the worst
Got the whole house running on the generator
No good food in my frig-i-dator
And I'm late for work
Don't that sound bad, horrible
No inspiration, no goals
I know it sound like, I wanna die
And I know I'm so miserable
But this just so happens to be
The best day of my life
Now I don't wanna confuse you, hurtin' on the inside
But I won't let you see
That's why every little dollar, and every little penny
Goes to puttin' that outfit on me
Cause Imma stay fresh to death
Dressed to impress the rest
You know how I do it when I do it
Imma show you how to do it
So you can do it for somebody else
But I still got the house on the generator
No good food in my frig-i-dator
And I'm late for work
Don't that sound bad, horrible
No inspiration, no goals
I know it sound like, I wanna die
And I know I'm so miserable
But this just so happens to be
The best day of my life
My life, my life
Bottle of Patron, big cup of ice
Drink, drink, drink; drink, drink, drink
Ain't talkin'bout that bullshit
I'm talkin' like a newspaper
I'm talkin''bout the newspaper full of weed, like the whole thang
And Imma roll it up and smoke it
Imma let you think about you
And in the end, you gotta let me do what I do
Don't that sound bad, horrible
No inspiration, no goals
I know it sound like, I wanna die
And I know I'm so miserable
But this just so happens to be
The best day of my life
Ohhhhhhhhh {oooh} yeah {yeahhh}
Ohhhhhhhhh {oooh} yeah
I don't know 
Hoes say I'm doin nothin
But it's somethin no matter what I do
You can go 
Ooo-ooh pack them bags and run it
Get the money girl it's all up to you
I can stay or 
Frown with all this fussin
And this arguin and cussin at me
Go away or 
Hundreds down to fifties
When them twenties get to bustin you'll see
Baby girl I'm not gon' take all of this
Fussin and hollerin, throwin and tossin shit around
 pots and them pans in here
I'm the man in here, you better calm the fuck down
Oooooh now I know 
All your friends want me and you to break up
To 
I's for sure 
Oooooh they just player haters
Commentators and them hoes should just 
Cause we in love 
They don't want to see us happy
Walkin talkin doin our thang
But hold up 
You can't disrespect me
Bitch get out and give me back all my change
Now I see 
That you and me
Shouldn't be 
Oooooh it's the end
Cause you gon' let yo' friends tell you how to live
Oooooh now I see 
That you and me
Shouldn't be 
Oooooh now it's the end
Cause you gon' let let yo' friends tell you how to live
And baby girl
Ohhhhhhhhh oooooooh
Ooooooooooh-ooooooh
Oooh oooh oooh oooh
Ooooooooooooooooooh...
YOU BETTA GET OUTTA MY FACE, BITCH~!
Ahhh, ahh.. yeah~! 
Feel good baby? 
Turn the lights off
Turn the TV off... STOP
Don't do that
We're in the bed.. and we both know what time it is, yeah
Ain't no use in playin with it
In my head.. waitin fo' the perfect time to
Drop that bass on you
What'cha think about it? 
How does it feel baby? 
I know you like it
You can't do nothin but ride with it  yeah
Why is my hand touchin yo' leg
I need to wait for the right time to
You think it's cool 
You think it's cool, so do I
Now if it's.. one thing I've gotta do, to you
I'm not leavin out this room until I
But what if I go down, and further down
And further down, and further down, and further down
To yo' belly chain - psych! 
But what I'd I go down and further down
And further down, and further down, and further down
Make you say my name - twice! 
Now you can try to, fight it if you wanna
But I'm tellin ya baby, this feelin is uncontrollable
And this is the first time for us, so trust, that it's a must
That I...
Take your clothes off 
Go'head and show off, what'cha got
Look at that, pretty face on ya, and slim waist on ya
Girl ya make wanna 
Sheeit! 
Excuse my language baby
But all I can say is - shit! 
Ahh.. ooh when I drop that bass on you
What'cha think about it? 
Feels so good baby... now
Nah, we don't need one
It feels so good without one, don't worry about it
Ahhhh
I think it's'bout that time
Drop that bass on you
What'cha think about it? 
Feels so good baby... yeah