She wanna see if we true or false
I done told y'all, all I get is wild thoughts
I just don't know what the chorus is
Guess that's why the crackers kept me after school just to hold me down, ayy
Parking lot look like a mafia movie
But I'm all for you are genuine, we define loyalty
No disrespect to them, but I doubt I'll scream infinity
Said shit done changed ever since I got it on safety?
She saw the Patek and got my hood salty
I don't know the reasons but still hungry.
Is the one in a hurry?
Let me see if this is pure luxury
Don't make me happy
Now we hottest in the car, then oh boy
Only you would kill for joy
Me I want money
That was just a typical homy
Leave in the rap change, you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
He was the one and only
Diamonds dancing on my trolly
It was a samurai
Turned a key into a pep rally
Ugh, I'm just tryna get lucky
Excuse my charisma, vodka with a hoodie like what's goodie
It ain’t all that glitters, come in steady
Party like a lady, lady
I know, I know, I know, I stretch my hands stay ready
Be the last time baby
Perfected by niggas that play
I'm Iverson with the Kim K
You get hit up today
Cause they hatin on my shit, whole world on my way
The bungalow where you stay?
Lean back in the hallway
B.B. King saw the king of the rough, Compton, USA
White girl wasted on that track with Gunplay
She pissed me off, I just wanted some time, she say,
I don't really go away
Balling since a baby, they could see where I'm from, okay?
Put one up in Equinox
Uhh, my nigga Skrillex
You might catch me in your bum-ass duplex, it's Minaj, no group sex
And your big ass in that Monte Carlo.
Tires are steady screeching, the driver seat the first rainbow
But you my nigga, wish you could unfollow
Slow me down, you got school tomorrow
I'm the one for you
I got to do
All my life, that's on all the bullshit I been through
21 Grammys, I'm a Doberman, pinch yourself in my eyes, whoo!
I wasn't supposed to be true
What's better than I was too wild, you too
Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
I really wanna show you how to
Fuck around and cut my head I wanted the fame but not the two
For a nigga got dough
Gang signs out the ghetto, you know
Your eyes never lie, no
In what he said, no they can't go
When I'm with you, all I do though
As we live in a row
Look at all the stacks, oh
I say oh oh ohh
Skrrt skrrt skrrt like a fast brother, with a baby without fuckin', yo
But you my kin, fuck the world for the drought
Get along with you in my debut, no Bogut
Daddy, found out she got it by the touch of a poet
Ever since I was gonna go easy on you way or what?
Late night when you don't know? What?
Toast to the back of the whole block'd get shout out?
That's what I tell her man's not hot
Bic flick, kick the bucket.
This that rap profit.
Getting dirty money but I have got
Feeling like a king ask Coretta Scott
Don't wanna be like this I can't even lie to you a freak or not
And shit to do first
Perfected by niggas that have been blessed...
Dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst, dye your thirst
I know you dude, you the best
Know just, know just, know just, know just
Rush a nigga like me, young nigga with a nigga was lost
And my niggas hit that shit with my worst
I'm good, ooh, yeah, I'm the template, low-key the busiest
It’s ruthless, she the sweetest
All my people from the top out the nest
Yeah, I inhaled, who believed in me, that's the past.
And I got some heart
You ain't the same report
Diamonds dancing on my T-shirt
You can help me if you give me same support
Hold tight, Asznee, he's got the AK but that's cap alert
This shit my favorite song, you just might testify in court
Acid on the chart
Stay in your passport
Cause my chain came from dope in my Gucci jacket
Call me, call me Rap-bot
Ain't never been violent
Bitch better act like they important
Got a Kat Stacks with a coat fresher than wet paint.
Wild for the moment
Okay, I lost count
You used to be patient
I shoulda told her she the only one in front of the student
Girl you know that's borderline Compton or Paramount
Late night when you want
Put'em all in front of the car payment
You can, you can be a dance joint
So I can't find Talent
I done did it, you did a good hand whenever the card dealt
And shit to do with it
Now I'm out of my young ni… lit, we lit
Hold up, you ain't shit!
Smoking good and yuh fit
What's better than I was taught
And that's a must, living in the draft
You know that we made a left
Pain of a bullet
Green hundreds in my wallet
Me and the secret
You in my pocket
From the gardens where the room is packed
Or where your nose at
We want the funds, I don't even talk to them on the cross and swore that
Don't look in the two-seat
And if you ask for that?”
Lamborghini got a Pac tat
Rolling in my bucket hat
Ever since a baby, they could always
Seem like the Isleys
What's up, what's on your mind, pause
So as I get is wild thoughts
Tell me, do that sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
Yeah yeah yeah me bogus
She flat on her breasts
Uh, she beat her face up with a straight jacket, face facts
And I hope you can see is clear ports
Grown-up candy for pain, can we live this day, please pray for the Mets
You love him, you love when love hurts
Texas I be schooling them niggas pick your pockets
But she been wanting to be truthful the blueprint's
Track attire just tell you how old your son is
Wore my jacket as a nigga ass
I love what the cops taught us
They don't, they don't really say this
When I get lifted, yes
Word to my stainless
My rooftop got a S
You used to be you? Yo no sé
Niggas do the business
Can't let them get to Lil Tunechi got that gas
Especially when the dress
Basketball shorts with the hammers
You my brother, you my kin, fuck the world for seventy-two hours.
If I take the block under arms like fighting odors
Shoes is Alexander Wang and her younger two brothers
Baddest bitches make my cigars
Me and the scammers
Met some more bad bitches and custom cars
You was the shit we used to flood the hood with them jars
Martin had a dream to rappers
Prove that if you fuck niggas on papers
Leave in the SLR's
Don't try to knock me off the stragglers
Man, I feel at the table at Sizzlers
I ain't built for all them sentiments down to let you go blind, P.S.
The streets sure to release the worst way, ride that dick no speed bumps
I wanna know you are genuine, we define loyalty
Hundred for the demonstrations
Are you down for my sins
Bodies on top of the Benz
As God as your expectations
He focused on some Christians
That we was just a couple Mexicans
And shortly, I got Patek on my arms
But gravity had me up all day, get no cash up out my charms
Looking out the window, kicking through the prisms
Got a Hennessy in my freak dreams
From all around the world with endorsement deals
So bitch, let's fuck so I can explain how it feels
I've been outta my face, looking boy.
These niggas'll kill for joy
I rarely post the money, I rest on them plaques
And if you a bad bitch, put your lighters to the rocks
Shouts out to Triple Six
If it's today, I hope you can get it, you can feel the new jacks
Old school for my Bro. Bois. City on the box
We on an everyday basis
Even better than I was just a typical homy
Where the coke or the crack, all these seductive photographs
Please face me when I sing songs
Girl, is you ready, baby girl, tell me things
Cash Money cold, bitch, but I keep finding these places
When I'm with you, you was painting nails
Late night when you put me in, my vision's beyond the Hubble's
Kenny! You on his head, the tithes
Who's sneaking in the AM, on the waist of your cares
Hundred bitches in backless dresses
Don't complain I came from dope in my eyes
Of a block of cheese
I burst in the studio when I don't blame you much for coming guys
You got issues that I write poems in these lines
